Though I grew up in the rock era, my musical tastes leaned toward folk, country and, occasionally pop, the kind of music my three older brothers listened to on their record players.
Singers such as Joan Baez, Kris Kristofferson and Bob Dylan became my favorites when I was in my early teens, and later I added Gordon Lightfoot, Dan Fogelberg and John Prine to my record collection. 
The collection also contained albums, and later compact discs, by Arlo Guthrie, Pete Seeger, Cat Stevens, Judy Collins, Jim Croce, Michael Johnson, Carole King and others.
When I was questioned by my rock-fan friends about my choice of musical artists — peers were especially critical of Dylan’s, Kristofferson’s, Guthrie’s and Prine’s voices — I told them that much of the reason I liked listening to folk music was because of the meaningful lyrics, which, to me, were like listening to poetry being sung. 
The sound of their voices didn’t matter as much as the words they were singing.
Many of the folk musicians, of course, combined heart-felt lyrics with gifted voices. 
That list included, besides, Baez, Lightfoot and Fogelberg, pop and country artists such as John Denver, Linda Rondstadt, and, I would argue, Johnny Cash.
Don McLean also was on my list of singers I enjoyed listening to, and he was popular with others, too, largely because of the success of “American Pie.”
The eight minute, forty-two second song still has a lot of fans today. 
My sons and daughter, ages, 24, 21 and 18, who think a lot of my music originated in the Stone Age and should have remained there, recognize and appreciate the lyrics of “American Pie”
I feel fortunate that I’ve had the opportunity to see several my favorite the artists in person: Lightfoot a few times, Fogelberg and Cash once and Guthrie twice. 
The concerts, which I went to in the ‘70s and '80s were simple — no videos, no lavish sound system — and focused on the artist singing and guitar playing.
I’ll never forget seeing Fogelberg on the stage at the St. Paul Civic Center with just his guitar, crooning “Leader of the Band,” to a packed house — the venue held up 17,800 people — or Guthrie on-stage at an auditorium in Grand Forks, North Dakota, singing “Alice’s Restaurant,” to a mostly college audience of a couple of thousand, during University of North Dakota Homecoming weekend.
I'm sad to say that I no longer have the opportunity to hear some of the singers live, including Fogelberg, Prine, Croce, Denver, Seeger and Cash . 
Others who I heard in concert in the decades of the 1970s and 1980s now are in their 70s and 80s and have retired.
A few of my go-to artists, however, still are touring, including 76-year-old McLean, who recently performed at the Chester Fritz Auditorium in Grand Forks, the same place I saw Guthrie and Lightfoot. 
When I heard McLean was going to be at the Chester Fritz during a stop on his American Pie 50th anniversary tour , I knew I had to buy tickets.
McLean’s concert did not disappoint. His voice, though not the same as when “American Pie” hit airwaves in 1972, was strong and clear, and he sang it with the same passion he did then. 
Though it was a small crowd at the concert, I felt part of something much bigger: the opportunity to hear a famous singer-songwriter performing one of the most recognizable songs of the past 50 years.
As I listened to McLean sing “American Pie,” renditions of “Vincent” and “And I Love You So,” which he also wrote, and covers, including "Living on Tulsa Time," I also was reminded of how much I still appreciate simplicity in concerts. 
McLean’s band consisted of only two guitar players and one piano player, and his sound set was a few amplifiers that he appeared to have had for a long time.
The concert reaffirmed why I simply loved — and still love — folk music and appreciate the talented artists who sing that genre.
