The rule of law is succeeding in clipping the wings of President Joe Biden's federal overreach.

All three recent federal COVID-19 vaccine mandates, imposed in a haphazard manner, have now been halted in federal court. Hooray for our 10th Amendment and North Dakota Attorney General Wayne Stenejhem's tireless efforts to add North Dakota's voice to this national effort standing up for what's right.

Do you notice how news coverage tends to trumpet anything Biden announces in the way of imposing its will on what they deem best for us citizen subjects? But when the court rebukes their disregard for the Constitution and our laws, it isn't presented with the same fanfare.

We're inundated with ever-changing efforts commanding compliance while disregarding long standing law and precedent. Facts are hard to come by, but the trends favor freedom and the rule of law, even if you have to dig for the rest of the story in places like an opinion column from a radio talk show host.

North Dakota legislators noticed the trend and responded to citizens' concerns as well. They passed a law, recently signed by Gov. Doug Burgum, that protects North Dakotans from vaccine mandates in the event that federal mandates are not defeated in court action.


Next up is a battle for election integrity. My friend Mike Lindell, the patriot founder of My Pillow, has been waging this lonely battle since the smelly action to waive many of the norms of the election process in the name of yet another "COVID-19 emergency". If you dare to question anything about the disregard of the rule of law in our 2020 election process, you are quickly canceled on social media platforms and labeled an insurrectionist. History is full of patriots who have endured similar smears and lies.

Does anybody else think there is a reason that a demand for election integrity is met with such fierce resistance? Might Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin have something to hide? A new complaint drafted by Washington, D.C. attorney Kurt Olson is a model for any attorney general willing to challenge officials in those states.

Whether they were courts or government officials, unilaterally disregarding election laws was wrong. One area of grave concern relates to mail-in ballots. They brushed aside the requirements that ensured or helped to ensure the integrity of those ballots, such as signature verification requirements or having unmanned locations where ballots were dropped off.

There are plenty of other election norms that were blatantly disregarded. The Supreme Court has original jurisdiction over any disputes between states, so they’re ultimately the only forum to adjudicate this issue. The legal argument for this can be found in two places. The first is the take care clause under Article II in the U.S. Constitution, which requires that the President faithfully execute the laws of the United States. The argument is also made in the 12th Amendment, which provides for a reelection remedy.

This is just another battle in the COVID-19 era's disregard for our laws. Too many Americans have quietly compiled without even a second thought of what our laws allow.


Let’s hope Stenejhem is up for this historic challenge as well. Stay tuned.