I just returned from Turning Point USA's "America Fest" in Arizona. It was the biggest multi-day gathering of conservative leaders ever, headlined by Charlie Kirk, Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, Donald Trump Jr. and many more. Kyle Rittenhouse took the stage and shared details of his harrowing murder trial, where the right to self-defense was in the crosshairs. President Donald Trump's press secretary Kayleigh McEnany, Fox News host, talked about her book "For Such a Time as This: My Faith Journey through the White House and Beyond."

But why was "America Fest" scheduled just days before Christmas? That's the genius of Kirk, a 28-year-old conservative activist. For high school and college students on Christmas breaks, it was perfect. This event was about them and our future. The average age of the attendees was in the low 20s that should give us all hope for the future.

Surprisingly the biggest applause lines were about good versus evil. What is evil? Is that any kind of a conversation for the final days leading up to the blessed Christmas celebration? I pondered that while listening to the profound words of these conservative voices at America Fest. My conclusion was this: Evil is among us. It always has been, and always will be.

Jesus faced evil from the moment he was born in that manger. Remember that King Herod ordered his thugs to try and kill the baby Jesus. Remember Joseph and Mary fled with an infant baby because of the warning they received from an angel. If killing a baby, a savior, isn't evil, I don't know what is. And hanging an innocent, sinless man on a cross was the ultimate evil.

Tyranny is also evil, and we have more than our fair share in America.

If you can't look at vaccine mandates, children being masked as toddlers, lockdowns, livelihoods being destroyed, and see evil, you're sadly mistaken.

But the Christmas story reminds us that good prevails over evil.

As Tucker said, "The only reason the Covid pandemic is a world historic event is because of our overreaction to it. I just think it’s very weird that it’s almost by design that we are prevented from even asking those questions or thinking about them deeply...It's all evil.

As for the racially charged riots he says: “I have never seen people wrecking stuff for the sake of wrecking stuff — even their own stuff. What is that? There is nothing in politics —
there is nothing in reason. There is nothing within our recent human experience that can explain that.

"If you’re a rational person, you don’t even need to be a religious person, you have to conclude that there is something that is unseen at work here. There is a spiritual dimension to this.”

If the youth of America rise up and respond to this encouragement and to overcome their fear and fight evil, we'll have generational change for the good. It was inspiring to see 10,000 youngsters respond to this clarion call. America is in good hands, as long as we don't sit on the sidelines and hope it gets better. Hope is not a strategy. For such a time as this, we must all do our part.

Merry Christmas!