Political campaigns are a competition of ideas. Elections have consequences based on what ideas win. In 2020 President Joe Biden presented the idea that “the wealthy” should pay their “fair share” so he could fund his grandiose socialism. Now our economy is paying the price.

We have Biden to thank for inflation. While wages are up, it’s mostly a result of disruptions in our workforce. Sen. John Hoeven says “we have 4.4 million less workers in the economy than in February 2020.” But there are 10 million job openings as well. And inflation is eating up all of the wage increases and taking a bigger bite out of our budgets. Hoeven says inflation in North Dakota is now 7.3%, above the nationwide a average of 6.2%.

“We’re a huge energy-producing state and a huge ag state, so those costs are coming through to consumers as well, which means the inflation problem is not lessening, it’s getting worse,” he said.


Now more mandates, more regulations, more taxes and more spending in the Biden “Build Back Broke” bill – it’s the perfect storm. Hoeven tells us “CBO has scored this bill as having about $1.7 trillion in spending over 10 years and about $1.2 trillion in increased taxes over 10 years, with about a $400 billion increase in debt and deficit. But that isn’t even close to right – this bill is full of gimmicks. Like 5 years of hidden spending, 'that is going to add much more to the debt and deficit.'”

President Trump’s energy ideas were practically written by Sen Kevin Cramer. It was all about abundance for American energy. It worked well. Biden’s energy plan has been to punish American energy and beg our foreign energy competitors to compete against us. The result is the pain at the pump, another punch to the pocketbook.

Now we’re led to believe the Biden tax hikes will provide a much needed economic boost. But if history is a guide, we know it won’t. Art Laffer, a famous economist from the Ronald Reagan era, has some interesting data on what happens when taxes are raised on high income earners.

Laffer examined 100 years of evidence on changes to the federal income tax rates, and the amount of tax payments by the rich. A majority of the relationship is negative. “That's because higher tax rates motivate the rich to engage in four forms of tax avoidance,” he said. Those are:

To move money offshore
To invest in tax shelters
To park their fortunes in untaxed family charitable foundations
To reduce their workload and taxable income.

Laffer predicts the Biden plan, raising the highest income tax rate to 55%, will lose revenue for the government over the long run.

Sadly, in less than a year we have seen the cost of everything increase, American energy production decrease, inflation spiral out of control and the workforce shrink. In short, the Biden economic agenda is full of bad ideas that will have consequences for every American family.