In recent days, I have been asking a series of questions on my radio show to celebrate Christmas. It's my way of stepping out of the ever increasing insanity of the news cycle. And it's a way to demonstrate the goodness in our audience of talk radio faithful.

I'm not sure what prompted my question on Tuesday, but I asked our listeners what it meant to be poor. I wanted to know who they consider to be poor and in need of a gift, a gift that would bless the giver as much as the recipient. The answers were wonderful and diverse: A neighbor in need, the homeless, elderly on fixed incomes and a widow or widower spending that first Christmas alone.

But as usual, the wisdom that pours from our “What's On Your Mind” audience knows no limits. See if their answers get you thinking differently about the question “Who is poor?”

“Poor” is someone holding resentment, envy, loneliness and hopelessness in their heart; who makes gratitude a stranger in their life."
"Who is truly poor and in need? Those who don't believe in God."
"The truly poor are those that have no faith in God. For them there is no hope. Without hope you are not optimistic and all else doesn't matter as you have already defeated yourself."
"Is poor looking at your neighbor wishing you would have that Suburban? Is poor wishing you could go to Red Lobster instead of having to go home and eat?  Is poor not being able to buy $100 jeans or expecting a lot more than you really need. I grew up poor and didn't even know it until I was out of school. Money can only bring you so much happiness. Family is everything. The happiest man I knew was my grandpa who had three cast iron pans to cook within a single level house and it was so full of love."
"A mom and her kids who have had to escape an abusive environment and are now trying to find a home and figure out how to make ends meet are the poor. Their situation reminds me of the holy family running to the unknown in Egypt to escape King Herod."
“I think the poor are those who do not choose their financial struggle.  Most of us are concerned about getting our bills paid, but mainly because we choose to live with those financial responsibilities.  We can live without most of the things we choose to burden ourselves with.  The way around this would be to save until we can pay cash to avoid interest and as the Bible says being ‘a slave to the lender.’”
The calls and the texts were endless in the profound manner in which they answered this simple question. My answer is a bit shorter and it comes from the greatest story ever told, the Bible: To be poor is to be poor in spirit. May we all do our part to see that they be richly blessed this Christmas season. And to spread the good word.