Greetings from Bergen, Norway. My wife and I are leading a tour of Norway with listeners to my radio program.
This is a socialist country but the new government here has President Joe Biden beat for IQ and common sense. 
Last year a "center-left" coalition government prevailed with a pledge to strengthen the oil and gas industry here.
"The oil and gas sector will be developed, not dismantled," the coalition said in a policy statement. The new government said it had to balance social and economic considerations with climate change targets. Smart move.
Contrast that with the Biden energy policy:
As a candidate he promised of "no ability for the oil industry to drill, period."
As president he has followed through on his threat. 
Regulations are up, pipelines canceled, leases are slowed and permits for drilling are purposefully delayed.
Every single energy-related policy has been designed to punish the industry in favor of the job-killing, economy-punishing climate action policy.
The result is less supply and higher prices. 
As in the average price of gasoline in America topping $5 per gallon. 
The pocket books of Americans are suffering mightily because of bad policy.
Given that news, you think it would make sense to shift positions and quick, right? No chance. 
To borrow a line from Forrest Gump, "Stupid is as stupid does."
Candidate Biden called Saudi Arabia a "pariah." 
But Biden just announced he'll soon be in Saudi Arabia to beg them to produce more oil. 
Imagine being one of the 60,000 folks employed by the oil and gas industry in North Dakota and knowing your president will be on foreign soil trying to destroy your livelihood. 
Why not simply return to the era of American energy dominance policy of President Donald Trump? 
More supply. 
Lower prices. 
Because of politics. 
It's today's Democratic Party.
Biden's climate czar John Kerry said the quiet part out loud recently: "Energy security is driving a lot of the thoughts now about 'we need more drilling, we need more coal.' 
No we don't. 
We absolutely don't. 
And we have to prevent a false narrative from entering into this, or again, pun intended, we are cooked."
Breathtakingly stupid. 
And they are not done with their attacks on the price at the pump yet. 
We have the all-time highest national gas prices ever and Biden is hypocritically asking more of the same industry he has been actively working to shut down and handicap. 
Believe it or not, he threatened oil companies this week with "emergency powers" if they don't boost supply. 
He actually issued a threat of "emergency powers" oil companies.
That drew the ire of James Taylor, president of the Heartland Institute, who said:
"Joe Biden claiming that oil companies are deliberately not selling oil when prices are at record highs is idiotic. The oil supply crunch is due to the Biden administration's relentless and multi-faceted attacks on American energy producers. Stop imposing every regulatory obstacle possible on American oil producers and America will return to producing more oil than we consume."
Our North Dakota energy producers deserve better.
