I'm really tired of COVID-19 conversations, but I'm about to engage in another one.
I'm sorry to talk out of both sides of my mouth, but I'm in pursuit of truth and facts rather than shaming and fear. 
The moving target of CDC recommendations and evolving data requires work to keep up. 
Let’s deploy some critical thinking skills and curiosity while listening to reasonable experts and help everyone make an informed decision.
I've listened to the best and brightest medical doctors that North Dakota has to offer from Sanford Health and Essentia. 
My top takeaway is that we all should have a relationship with a doctor we trust.
So how do you know who to trust? 
I asked Dr. Peter McCullough, a highly-credentialed and published resource. 
He is quickly becoming world-renowned for his participation in U.S. Senate hearings and with the millions that watched the recent Joe Rogan podcast. 
His answer may surprise you.
On Monday, he asked a Senate panel of doctors, scientists and PhDs if they had "received intimidation, reprisal or professional damage for their efforts to try to take care of COVID-19 patients," and 80% of people in the room said yes.
“I am telling you, doctors are in a state of intimidation and fear. 
If they give patients an honest appraisal of what's going on, that's the problem. 
The doctor-patient relationship has now been damaged by external forces, our public health agencies, the medical societies, health systems, administrations and the popular press,” he said. 
“And so we're really in a difficult state. 
Patients are scrambling to find honest doctors who will give an honest second opinion.”
McCullough suggested testing your doctor. 
Ask them, "If I get COVID-19, will you treat me? 
Do you prescribe the emergency use authorized products that are available for COVID-19? 
And if you don't, who do you refer to?" 
The answers to those questions are vital to the trust factor.
“It's typically the doctors who treat COVID-19 that are the same ones who give an honest appraisal of the vaccines, because those doctors have the full suite of capabilities,” he said. 
“When a doctor says, 'Oh, I don't treat COVID-19' or 'There is no treatment for COVID-19,' that's a bad sign.”
He suggests you also ask whether or not the vaccines are for everyone. 
“The FDA has official warnings for the vaccine...we want to know if the doctors are following the warnings, for instance, for myocarditis or heart inflammation, which the FDA says the vaccines can cause,” he said. 
“If a doctor says 'Nope, everyone should take the vaccine,' that's a red flag, because even the FDA doesn't say that.”
Much has been made of COVID-19 hospitalizations and deaths among the unvaccinated. 
I asked him what percentage of them had access to early treatment. 
“The percentage is far less than 1%. The vast majority of people hospitalized due to, or death due to, COVID-19 get no early treatment. None.”
Are we in a pandemic of the unvaccinated or a pandemic that ignored early treatment options?
Ask a doctor you trust.
