Given what is happening to public education, your votes for school board members this June 14th is very important.
Not only can it have a dramatic impact on your tax bill, because schools command the lion share of our property taxes; but most importantly, we need to return common sense to school governance. 
Sadly there are some school board members, administrators and teachers that think they know best, not parents.
This woke agenda is infiltrating our schools. 
From critical race theory to gender confusion, it’s time to take our schools back. 
Take the time to make sure you know the candidates and what they stand for and arm yourself with information before you vote.
Since I am a resident of Fargo, I’ll walk you through who will get my votes: One incumbent and four challengers for the five positions open. 
And it's time for a re-boot. 
Most Fargo School Board members and administrators spent the COVID-19 era ignoring parents and shouting them down. 
The arrogance knew no bounds. 
And a handful of their cheerleaders in the media pretended the parents were in the wrong and defended their abhorrent actions. 
It's up to us to vote accordingly.
The candidates that have best demonstrated their leadership capability in listening to parents, are "A" for Allie Ollenburger, "A" for Alexis Scott, "D" for Deven Styczynski, "D" for incumbent David Paulson and "S" for Kristin Sharbono. AADDS is my voter guide.
Ollenburger is a 2003 graduate of Fargo Public Schools.
“When I first started this, it was me standing up for the people that couldn't necessarily stand up for themselves,” she said when talking about the teachers at Fargo Public Schools, many of those whom feel they are not empowered to stand up about the current issues they’re facing with Fargo Public Schools. “I was a loud voice that was able to stand up for them.”
Scott moved to Fargo in 2017, and has four sons between the ages of three and 12 in the Fargo Public School District. She is focusing her campaign on three areas -- amplifying family and staff voices, addressing achievement gaps among multicultural students, and engaging parents and families to be active partners in their students' learning journey.
Styczynski’s main objectives are the reform and transparency of the district’s curriculum, implementation of HCR 3049 (a resolution recognizing parents as chief stakeholders of the future and education of their children) and the removal of the board stipend for alternative purposes.
Paulson, an incumbent, was a teacher for 35 years. He was first elected to the Fargo School Board in 2014. His vision includes looking out for teachers in the school district. The former educator in West Fargo Schools says prioritizing teachers' wages, mental health and stability inside Fargo Schools would work to create a "Gold Star District" that others across the state, and country, would want to model themselves after, Paulson told WDAY Radio.
Sharbono’s platform consists of restoring the focus on learning, curriculum review and transparency, strengthening parental involvement, and community and extracurricular activities. She has three children attending Fargo Public Schools.
It's our Republic. Keeping it requires an informed vote. Given our burdensome property taxes, the disconnect between school board members and the parents who pay them as well as the infiltration of an ever-increasing woke agenda, these races deserve more attention than ever. It's a vote to wake up the education establishment.
