We are closing in on Election Day and it's a good time to share some views from voters on a few key races on your North Dakota ballot. Each weekday I have the opportunity to talk to listeners who share their viewpoint on whatever is on their mind.
Regarding the two measures, my informal poll suggests this will not be a close race.
Measure 1 is the term limits measure and the chatter has been soundly negative. I have been hearing a very practical response from most listeners sharing their opinion: "It's our job to fire politicians, not the calendar." That's an impressive analysis and quite accurate. Measure 1 would create term limits for state legislators and the governor.
Measure 2 is the question about legalizing marijuana. This same ballot measure failed just four years ago and is back for voters to decide once again. The feedback I've been hearing suggests this measure is likely to receive the same outcome as last time. The question I keep hearing is..."What gets better if this passes?" I can't think of anything to put on that list, can you? I'm not sure it matters that several other states have approved a similar measure legalizing marijuana. North Dakota doesn't generally take its voting guidance from other states. I also wonder how many times supporters will put this on the ballot. Sometimes I get the sense the answer is "As many times as it takes to get it passed." That's a tad offensive. If you ask the question of voters, accept the answer and move on.
Incumbent Republican Sen. John Hoeven faces Democrat Katrina Christiansen and Independent Rick Becker. Based on what I'm hearing, I can safely predict that Christiansen and Becker together will still likely have less votes than Hoeven. You may be wondering when the campaign will begin. It seems like it has been a rather sleepy race. While I have heard radio ads, caught a few TV ads, and seen a billboard or two, I haven't felt this was much of a race in the eyes of voters. I'm not sure Christiansen or Becker honestly feel as though this is much of a race. I agree with them. The winner will be Hoeven, and given the mediocre performance of his challengers, that will likely force some reflection about whether future political endeavors make any sense. While I applaud anyone that enters the arena, if one's performance isn't really impressive, some soul-searching would be a good idea.
Rep. Kelly Armstrong hasn't been resting on his incumbent status. He has been crisscrossing the state. Armstrong faces Cara Mund. She wants you to know she is a cum laude graduate from Harvard Law School and an honors graduate in business, entrepreneurship and organizations from Brown University. While impressive, I don't think the academic credentials attract many votes in North Dakota. Same with the Miss America title. North Dakota voters want to know how you'll fix their problems. Let the voting begin!