It is time to implement a new rule for this winter. This is going to be big. Are you ready? Once the first flakes of snow fall, we will undertake this new endeavor.
Here it comes: No complaining. Don't worry, this only includes winter-related complaints.
This will take some discipline. We must resist the urge to complain about the winter season.
I'm always a bit confused how people who live in winter climates spend the winter complaining about the weather, as if cold and snow were some kind of strange surprise. Newsflash: During winter months, it is cold. It will snow. The wind will blow. We likely will even have blizzards. All of this is a forecasting certainty, so I'd suggest you brace yourself now.
Here are a few tips to enhance your winter experience. Familiarize yourself with the thermostat and how it operates. Get your winter weather gear ready to use. Find an ice scraper. Or install an auto-starter, one of the great luxuries of winter.
As a public service, we have a few more tips: Put a shovel in the trunk, it helps if you get stuck. Put on a nice set of snow tires. Buy a big cap and have a nice pair of gloves handy. You may want to go high brow and add a scarf. That is very sophisticated. Then, with all of this winter weather garb, you will be officially fully prepared for winter. And you will have no reason to complain.
And then let the new rule, rule. We can't say, "Boy it sure is cold outside." Any reference to the measurement of snow or the low temperature is off-limits.
Is this going to be hard? Bad habits die hard, as they say. But just think how this will liberate us all winter long. Have you heard that complaining about something does absolutely nothing to fix the problem? My grandma told me that and a whole bunch of other wise advice.
So let's get all of the typical winter phrases out of our system now and then we are done for the rest of winter. "Whew it's freezing," is black-listed from our vocabulary. "There is so much snow" or "Look at all that snow" are both off limits. "This weather stinks" is a popular one as if we thought winter was going to be a barrel of laughs.
The trick is to EXPECT winter to be winter. Prepare for it and embrace it as it arrives. "I love this snow" could be a fun thing to say. Maybe the forecast calls for 14 inches of snow but only 9 inches arrives. What do you do? Rather than complain about the 9 inches, we can make a point to say something like, "This is way less snow than I expected." All of this with a big smile on our face.
In the past, I wasn't exactly one to practice what I preach here. Complaining is contagious. This year, let's go all in. No complaining about winter.