The heartbreaking shooting this week from Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, claimed the lives of 19 children and two of their teachers. 
Another 18 are recovering from their injuries. 
The killer, Salvador Ramos, an 18-yea- old high school dropout, was killed by a heroic Border Patrol agent. 
Minutes before his mass carnage began at the school, he shot his 66-year-old grandmother. 
She is fighting for her life as I write this. 
Simply put, this is pure evil.
Days earlier another 18-year-old, Payton Gendron, murdered 10 shoppers in a Buffalo, New York, supermarket. 
Our biggest cities are filled with senseless crime. 
Mass shootings, armed robberies, carjackings and gangbangers. 
Why? 
What is happening? 
Why do we produce so many of these young evil doers?
Texas Governor Greg Abbott asked the sheriff and mayor from Uvalde a simple question in the aftermath of this tragedy: "What is the problem here?" 
Their answer was quick, empathic and clear: "We have a mental health crisis." 
Boy do we ever! 
Can we all agree on that? 
The evidence is everywhere.
The 2022 pandemic is a crisis of our making. 
The factual statistics tell this story better than any politician or agenda journalist will. 
Our overreaction to the COVID pandemic, by locking down and isolating our children, did irreparable harm. 
New numbers from the CDC show, how drug overdoses surged during the pandemic and more than 107,000 Americans died of drug overdoses in 2021. 
That's the highest annual death toll ever recorded.
Deaths involving fentanyl, meth and cocaine are skyrocketing. 
Young people are doing more drugs. 
They're more unstable. 
They're killing themselves more often. 
And in some rare cases, they are killing others. 
Why? 
Isolation?
Tucker Carlson pondered that question in a monologue this week: "What could be adding to the feeling of disconnection we have from one another? Well in 2020 adults in the United States spend an average of eight hours every day on digital media staring at a screen, the lockdowns made it worse. That's a 20% jump from 2019. One of the people who spent an awful lot of time online during the pandemic was the shooter in Uvalde. He reportedly played a lot of 'Call of Duty' instead of going outside. The shooter in Buffalo also spent a lot of time online as well. In fact, he blamed the internet for radicalizing him."
The questions are endless. 
The solutions elude us. 
Maybe it's up to each of us individually. 
What can I do. Mentor a troubled youth. 
Be a big brother or father figure to a child in a single parent home? 
I'm using this moment to commit to just that. 
Will you?
This is obviously a mental health crisis. 
There is no defense against evil. 
The crisis of the heart must be met head on. 
In every school, and community in America, it's time for a serious commitment to restoring the golden rule. 
Let's not wait for some politician to fix it. 
No arm chair expert pontificating will solve it. 
It's up to us. 
One heart at a time.
