President Biden promised a war on U.S. energy and he is delivering. 
Most of the media forget to tell consumers how the pain at the pump was part of his plan.
Candidate Biden in March 2020: "No more drilling on federal lands. No more drilling, including offshore. No ability for the oil industry to continue to drill, period, ends.”
President Biden in January 2021 while announcing new efforts to limit oil and gas production: “Climate change will be at the center of our national security and foreign policy.”
No need for much interpretation in those statements. 
And their actions back up the threats.
The latest salvo in this war on energy came from a proposal by the Securities and Exchange Commission this week. 
The SEC is now proposing that the people charged with protecting investors become climate action police.
“The Biden Administration is hell-bent on regulating fossil fuels out of existence. Firstly, this authority – forcing publicly traded companies to disclose their risks from climate change – is not in the purview of the SEC. Congress never passed a new law granting them new authority in this space,” Sen. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D., said.
No secret agenda here. 
This is just another punitive measure on North Dakota’s energy and ag producers.
Let's face it, whether Republicans or Democrats are in control, climate action is getting its tentacles into everything. 
So why not beat them at their own game? 
They claim man made carbon emissions in the U.S. are the target. 
They must not realize that we breathe global air, because their policies favor pollution in countries with little or no regulations. 
But let's suspend common sense and deal with the reality that they are winning at this game. 
North Dakota is uniquely equipped to take this battle head on and solve the problem. 
I talked with Lt. Gov. Brent Sanford about the opportunity it presents us this week.
Sanford told a group gathered in Dickinson that North Dakota’s next move in the Bakken will be to do enhanced oil recovery.
“The long-term goal is to have that flow of CO2 put to a commercial use,” he said.
“If CO2 is necessary to get the other 80% of the oil out of the rock, then there's an economic payback for it,” Sanford continued.
Carbon capture is talked about in other places. 
Our North Dakota ethanol industry is doing it now. 
And we have the geology here to store enough of the man made "toxic" carbon. Problem solved.
North Dakota recently invested $20 million from the brand new Clean Sustainable Energy Authority, which legislative management selected Sanford to chair. 
All of it for emissions reducing technologies, including funds for our own coal plants and ethanol plants to capture their CO2.
Reducing man made CO2, using our unique geology in North Dakota, presents a solution to a problem that is crippling the ability for these companies to get access to capital, or in some cases, even insurance for their businesses. 
Why wouldn’t we want to lean into this solution?
