Teddy Roosevelt may have foretold the adventures of two North Dakotans I talked to this week. 
When TR said, “To sit home, read one's favorite paper, and scoff at the misdeeds of the men who do things is easy, but it is markedly ineffective. It is what evil men count upon the good men's doing.”
Jim Swartout, also known as Jim the Flagpole Guy, a Williston entrepreneur who recently launched USFlagpoleGuy.com isn’t sitting at home. 
He is in Washington, D.C., as I write this. 
He was in Minot last week to send off the North Dakota Freedom Convoy. 
He decided to follow along to the Bismarck stop and then to Fargo. 
He was so inspired by the truckers quest to stand up for freedom that he continued all the way to Washington.
Scores of people were at each stop cheering on the truckers. 
Even more were atop overpasses, not only throughout North Dakota and Minnesota, but literally all the way there. 
Swartout estimated that between Minot and the state of Virginia, there were between 80,000 and 100,000 people on the overpasses, frontage roads and buildings, along with farm fields.
“The American people are becoming united,” he said on my radio show. 
“We the People, For the People.” 
But he and the Freedom Convoy participants encountered a brick wall of bureaucracy. 
They were told that they were not welcome in the nation's capital.
So, while the massive convoy staged out in Maryland,  Swartout led a small delegation in to D.C. to stand up for free speech. 
He met with Sens. John Hoeven and Kevin Cramer to seek some assistance to let these truckers be heard.
Another hero is Bill Dalzell, a Ray farmer who decided what he saw happening to the good people of Ukraine needed action. 
He boarded a plane to Poland where he encountered an enormous wave of refugees fleeing Ukraine. 
Next he rode a humanitarian train into Kyiv. 
“When it was reported the 13 border guards got killed, I booked my ticket right then and there,” Dalzell said. 
His plan is to work with humanitarian groups by day and report from Ukraine by night.
He shared stories about his journey to Ukraine, the kindness of Ukrainians towards even the Russian military. 
“Russian soldiers are going door-to-door (saying) I’m Ukraine seeking lard and moonshine. They are hungry and they don’t want to fight Putin’s war.”  
Teddy Roosevelt once said, “A soft, easy life is not worth living, if it impairs the fiber of brain and heart and muscle. We must dare to be great; and we must realize that greatness is the fruit of toil and sacrifice and high courage... For us is the life of action, of strenuous performance of duty; let us live in the harness, striving mightily; let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out."
Let's applaud these two great North Dakotans for getting in the arena. 
No rust will be found on these Patriots. 
Follow their travels with us on the radio. 