Killing an unborn child is no longer sanctioned by federal law. It's official, thanks to the work of our Founding Fathers, who designed a system in which the states created our federal government. The U.S. Supreme Court has returned some much-needed order to the "abortion" debate. Whether it's legal, what restrictions are imposed, how a heartbeat or other obvious signs of science are a factor, are now decisions for states to make.
Minnesota is busy gearing up to be a tourist mecca for those seeking an "abortion," disgusting as that is, it's Minnesota's call. North and South Dakota have a majority pro-life legislature and bold pro-life Govs. Doug Burgum and Kristi Noem that have passed and signed laws that ban the killing of a baby. So the pro-abortion cabal is busy cranking up their rage machine. They love to play a game called "Should it be illegal when.....(fill in the blank)?"
My hero of the week is Noem because she artfully and truthfully destroyed the activism of CNN "journalist" Dana Bash on the "State of The Union" program. After introducing Noem as a "staunch abortion rights opponent" Bash asked:
"The Indianapolis Star is reporting that a 10-year-old girl in Ohio who was six weeks and three days pregnant now has to travel across state lines to Indiana to receive an abortion. So I just -- because this is a trigger law that was passed before you became governor, I wanted you to be clear. Will the state of South Dakota force a 10-year-old in that very same situation to have a baby?"
Noem replied: "You know what I think is incredible, Dana, in this tragic story? Because I heard about this last night. What's incredible is that nobody's talking about the pervert, horrible and deranged individual that raped a 10-year-old." "And as much as we can talk about what we can do for that little girl, I think we also need to be addressing those sick individuals that do this to our children."
Bash interrupted with: "Right...But our bodies are our bodies, and women are the ones who get pregnant. And, in this case, it wasn't a woman. It was a girl."
Noem: "It's a child."
Bash: "Should a child have that baby?"
Noem: "Every single life is precious. This tragedy is horrific. I can't even imagine. I have never had anybody in my family or myself go through anything like this. I can't even imagine. But, in South Dakota, the law today is that abortions are illegal, except to save the life of the mother."
BASH: "And you would be OK with that, a 10-year-old girl having to have a baby?"
NOEM: "No, I'm never OK with that...What I would say is, I don't believe a tragic situation should be perpetuated by another tragedy. And so there's more that we have got to do to make sure that we really are living a life that says every life is precious, especially innocent lives that have been shattered, like that 10-year-old girl...the doctor, the family, the individuals closest to that will make the decisions for that family.
That's what's interesting about the time we live in right now: every state will have different laws on the books. The decisions will be made by the legislators that are closest to the people. That's appropriate. It's the way our Constitution intended."
I could not have said it better myself.
