With just 20 words, the 45th President of the United States Donald Trump , removed any doubt of his future plans. "In order to make America great and glorious again, I am tonight announcing my candidacy for President of the United States," he said. I was monitoring the online reaction while listening to the speech.
His Democratic critics didn't let him finish the before they lashed out. President Joe Biden tweeted "Donald Trump failed America." Senator Elizabeth Warren, the ultra-liberal from Massachusetts, said "We've defeated him before. We'll defeat him again." New York Governor Kathy Hochul made a bold prediction during the speech, tweeting, "New Yorkers rejected Donald Trump and his extreme agenda before — and we'll do it again in 2024." There is plenty more where those came from. The theme is quite obvious. Donald Trump is living rent free in the heads of most Democrats.
Their vitriol directed at him has no limits. Why don't they just ignore him? Or they could welcome him as the Republican nominee so the Democrats would have, as they claim, an easy win. My take is most of Trump's critics fear him because they actually worry about him as a political foe. The political world has no equal.
Trump laid out several solid policy proposals. Here are a few examples: "We will abolish every Biden COVID mandate and rehire every patriot who was fired from our military with apology and full back pay." That's pretty clear. Should the COVID mandates be canceled? Do the Democrats support firing members of the military for making their own medical decisions? Let's bring that discussion on.
Trump also said, "We will defend the rights of parents and defend the family as the center of American life." Beautifully said! So simple and it should prompt a clear and concise debate among Republican and Democratic opponents.
After an odd election cycle, Trump had a timely promise: "I will immediately demand voter ID, same-day voting and only paper ballots". Elections are governed by states, but federal standards are overdue. Republicans have failed to pass voter ID, but its time has come. The arguments against it are really suspicious. We all need an ID for about everything we do and anyone that wants an ID can get one. So why would we not want to secure our elections by asking voters to provide them in order to vote? The opponents have ulterior motives. Campaign promises like this take effort and advocacy. Trump deserves credit for advocating for those changes.
Speaking of voting, Election Day 2022 is done. Election week is over. But it's election month in some places. Most Republicans have been singing the blues about the results of November 8th. Not Trump, as his announcement speech was full of optimism about the 5 million vote advantage Republicans had over Democrats this year, which brought a majority and a departure as Speaker of the House for Nancy Pelosi. Let's celebrate that and the start of the 2024 presidential campaign.