North Dakota’s commerce commissioner grew up across the river from the Twin Towers in New York. 
James Leiman joined the U.S. Army just 10 days after graduating from high school and his first deployment was for Operation Enduring Freedom at 19 years old.
Leiman spent nearly 11 years in the intelligence community. 
From 2011 to 2015, he served the United States Department of Veterans Affairs as the chief of integration synchronization. 
He joined the commerce department in 2018.
Now Leiman leads North Dakota's commerce department, probably the most under-appreciated department in state government. 
He has a small staff and an even smaller budget. 
But he has some secret weapons that get the attention of CEOs and top decision makers interested in investing big in North Dakota.
About $30 billion in investments are currently in the process of serious negotiations for deals right here, with another $20 billion likely to follow shortly. 
How does something that big happen that fast?
It's good to be us.
We have a great state, 800,000 hardworking folks that punch way above our weight class in agriculture and energy. 
North Dakota farmers are No. 1 in 12 crops. 
Most of that is exported, but our value-added options are growing. 
And many of those intersect perfectly with our booming energy industry.
We're a top three oil and gas producing state, but soon our production will be purposely decreased unless we find a use for natural gas that comes with oil production. 
Natural gas makes fertilizer and so much more; think hydrogen, bio gas, soybean crushing, corn milling, sustainable aviation fuel, carbon capture and utilization, giant greenhouses, server farms and more. 
Imagine taking an environmental liability like ag waste products and converting it to biofuels.
But wait, there's more.
The Grand Forks Air Force Base continues to transform into an intelligence powerhouse. 
Companies like Northrup-Grumman, General Atomics, and Thales are taking advantage of the early investments in UAS (unmanned aerial systems) infrastructure, becoming the nation's technological leader for commercial and military projects.
Leiman has great leadership to lean on. Gov. Doug Burgum, a founder of Great Plains software and former executive from Microsoft, speaks the language of c-suite executives. 
Lt. Gov. Brent Sanford combines North Dakota nice with the grit and business savvy from his days at Eide Bailly, as a CFO, and running the family business. 
When I ask these executives how North Dakota wins their favor, they are quick to credit access to Burgum, Sanford, and Sens. John Hoeven and Kevin Cramer. 
That doesn't happen in many places.
This road will not be without bumps. 
These projects require intense scrutiny. 
We can't afford situational ethics to cloud our judgment. 
Local governments need to balance the needs of current stakeholders with the wants of new investors.
Investments of $500 billion a year come to the United States from foreign companies. 
We want our fair share from the good actors, but not the bad (see China).
Our future is bright. 
Let's embrace this and do it right to build an even greater North Dakota for future generations.