Candace Owens is a well-known political activist, social media star and speaker. She is most famous for calling out the Democratic Party policies that hurt, rather than help, the African American community, and explaining why she and many others have joined the conservative cause. And she is Black. She speaks with authority.
America has a better record of protecting minorities and offers more opportunities to a greater number of Black Americans than any other society, including all those of Africa.
I can share that informed opinion thanks to the work of Owens. Her book is "Blackout: How Black America Can Make Its Second Escape from the Democrat Plantation." It's a treasure trove of great wisdom that bucks the narrative peddled by leftists and their media blowhards. She'll be at the Bismarck Event Center at 7 p.m. Thursday, Sept 15th. The grassroots organization, "Freedom Matters USA" is sponsoring her visit to North Dakota. (Ticket info at www.FreedomMattersUSA.com).
What saddens me most about the "race-baiters" is their constant quest to portray Black Americans as victims. That is racism. Owens gives us a road map on how to expose it.
In her book she diagnoses the problem:
“There is an endless stream of faux outrage, constant manufacturing of nonexistent hurdles, rooted in some flawed concept of our society’s perfectibility. There are those in black America who use charges of racism as a social handicap. With the expectation that the mere utterance of the word will vindicate them in every scenario, we have arrived suddenly into an era of more insistence on rather than actual resistance against racism. And the Left, always happy to exploit our victimhood, urges us on," writes Owens.
She calls out the political class that thrives on calling most opponents racist:
“Like FDR and LBJ before them, today’s Democrat leaders establish their bases by theatrically harping on the struggles of minorities. They lament the injustice of our circumstances, with an all-too-familiar silver-lined promise that a vote for them will surely turn things around. Of course, the success of this repeat broken-promise strategy is fueled by our acceptance of their victim narrative.”
She exposes the education indoctrination at work in many schools:
"Instead of learning about free markets, capitalism, and entrepreneurship, today’s curriculum overemphasizes the role that others play in our success. Students are being systematically disempowered, trained to resent the success of others. And that creates a self-fulling prophecy of sorts. We can never attain what we resent, just as we will never achieve what we loathe. If money and success become the objects of our loathing and resentment, then we can be certain they will never be within our grasp. Our subconscious mind will reject its opportunity seeking to prevent us from becoming that which we have been conditioned to hate.”
And the solution to this madness?
“What if Black America simply refused their offers? What if we formally rejected the victim narrative, thereby rejecting the slow poison of leftist policies? What might happen if Black America collectively called the Left’s bluff on racism?
Candace Owens is brilliant. Come see for yourself this Thursday in Bismarck.
