Remember this? Hillary Clinton believed that she had been cheated out of the 2016 election. 
From the Washington Post in 2019:
"Hillary Clinton dismissed President Trump as an 'illegitimate president' and suggested that 'he knows' that he stole the 2016 presidential election, in a CBS News interview to be aired Sunday."
"He’s an illegitimate president," she said, "I believe he understands that the many varying tactics they used, from voter suppression and voter purging to hacking to the false stories — he knows that — there were just a bunch of different reasons why the election turned out like it did."
Actually, the biggest reason was that American voters considered her unlikeable. 
She also called Trump a "corrupt human tornado." 
Which is rich, since her campaign is now accused of funding a fake dossier of allegations against Trump.
Given the fact that Clinton is on record questioning the legitimacy of the 2016 election, I assume we can do so here without fear of retribution. 
Or is free speech only for Democrats?
A new movie, entitled "2000 Mules" by Dinesh D'Souza, features information unearthed by an organization called True the Vote. 
We recently spoke to D'Souza to learn more about the allegations of fraudulent behavior chronicled in the movie.
"The first line of evidence is cell phone geo tracking," he said. 
"Inside of our cell phones are apps that allow aggregators to pinpoint our location—not just our physical location, but also our location in time."
The second one, D’Souza said, is "even more crushing" and is key to the movie.
"It's called the official surveillance video of the states themselves," he said. 
"I want to be really clear. We're not talking about a video that some dude took from his truck using his iPhone. I'm talking about the video installed by the states themselves, that you can obtain legally through public information records."
D’Souza says the geo tracking and cell phone data corroborate each other.
What is the meaning behind the word "mules"? 
D’Souza says it is lifted from drug and sex trafficking, except that, in this case, it is ballot trafficking.
"A mule is a professional, a paid operative, hired typically by a left wing organization to deliver fraudulent and illegal votes to mail in drop boxes," he said. There were 2,000 mules identified that were dumping hundreds of thousands of fraudulent ballots into dropboxes in states such as Georgia, Arizona, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.
Is the evidence enough to change the outcome of the 2020 presidential election?
"In some states, it's a lot of fraud, but not enough to flip the gap between the two," D’Souza said. "But in three states, the fraud is more than enough, and it tips those states into the Trump column. And actually, if you redo the electoral map match, which we do in the movie, it becomes a very narrow victory for Trump."
"It takes you from ‘I knew it’ to ‘I can prove it,'" he said. "I think that’s really powerful."
Watch the movie at www.2000Mules.com and draw your own conclusions. 
I've seen enough to make some bold assumptions. 
Just like Hillary did about 2016, with much less evidence.
