Warning: What you are about to read is mostly bad news, but I promise to end with the best news the world has ever known.
Here are just a few of the awful stories that are happening to us as a result of terrible political leaders, a culture war and the death of common sense.
An alarming spike in suicides has led childrens health groups to declare a national emergency. 
We are in a mental health crisis with young people experiencing skyrocketing rates of anxiety and depression.
Life expectancy in the United States fell from 78.9 years in 2019 to 76.6 years in 2021. 
The most recent decline is the largest since World War II, according to a new report.
Last week the Journal of the American Medical Association released a study showing that fatal drug overdoses among adolescents has nearly doubled with a 94% increase in just one year. 
Illicit fentanyl is now the No. 1 cause of death among Americans between the ages of 18 and 45.
President Joe Biden's failed border policy will bring the worst ever year on record. 
More than 1.8 million illegal immigrants are expected to cross the U.S.-Mexico border this year. 
And it's about to get worse since the pandemic restrictions will soon be over for illegal immigrants, but not for the rest of us.
Inflation is the worst it's been in over 40 years, Russia is undeterred by Biden's tough talk and continues to commit genocide in Ukraine and homelessness and crime are soaring in our cities.
I could go on, but that's enough bad news for today.
Now for the good news: We still live in the greatest country on earth. 
I was reminded of how much we take that for granted after interviewing Enes Kanter Freedom. 
He's coming to Bismarck Tuesday to share his incredible love of freedom and America (Details at www.BeTruthful.org ).
The former NBA star lost his family and career because of his stand against Turkey and China for their human rights abuses. 
The NBA welcomes "Black Lives Matter" protests against America, but canceled Enes for criticizing China and Nike. 
But he is not complaining. 
He became an American citizen recently.
"Look what's happening in China right now," he said. 
“They don't respect humans. They are locking people in their homes like cages. So people need to understand how lucky they are, how blessed they are to live in America."
While it's a difficult time in America, it's been worse in the world. 
An innocent man was crucified, died and was buried on this very weekend nearly 2,000 years ago. 
His name was Jesus Christ. 
His followers thought the world was ending. 
And then came Easter. He is risen. Rejoice!
I weep for people without faith. 
How empty life must be. There would never be good news, only bad.
Tonight and tomorrow, churches across America will be filled with people celebrating the risen Lord. 
I encourage every reader to choose hope over death. 
God is among us. He is waiting for you with open arms. May he always bless the United States of America.
