Former President Donald Trump was a special guest with Sen. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D., and I for his Talkradio Town Hall this week on our What's On Your Mind radio show. 
The 45th president was obviously concerned about the bombshell news from John Durham, special counsel from the U.S. Department of Justice. 
The latest report alleges that the Hillary Clinton campaign spied on the president and his family, even in The White House. 
Not surprisingly, most of the media is ignoring this story. 
Trump has been proven right again and they can’t bare to report it. 
He said this "is bigger than Watergate by a factor of 10."
Who could blame him for being critical of what's happened in the last year? 
His accomplishments have been undone, brick-by-brick. 
He says there's “great anger in our country right now, anger, like I've never seen before.” 
President Biden's actions "have caused much of America to lose its confidence." 
Given the myriad of poor poll results about Biden’s job performance, he’s obviously right.
But Trump singled out three reasons he loves North Dakota.
He raved about the role we played in his policy of American energy dominance. 
“We had North Dakota and every state, Texas, Oklahoma, we had every state rocking and rolling with, with energy the best time they've ever had,” Trump said. 
"Gas was $1.87 a gallon" and noted it's nearly $7 now in California and "adding to the inflation" woes.
Fisher Industries , a North Dakota company, received a shoutout from Trump for their efforts in securing the border.
“Fisher did a fantastic job,” Trump said. 
“They really were a great contractor, and we were weeks away from having the wall totally completed. 
We had the most secure border we've ever had, and now we have the weakest border we've ever had by far.”
And he is a big fan of Cramer. 
“I knew he was gonna be good, but he's even better than that. He's just made some incredible decisions and he's tough,” he said. 
“And he speaks his mind when he sees these people going wrong.”
Trump said that “when he (Cramer) says something, it really has an impact.”
The former president said that Cramer is a respected voice among his peers and others in the political world.
Trump ended on optimism for the future.
“We can do it again. We can bring it back and we'll bring it back even stronger. I think our country was at the highest level it ever was in terms of respect around the world and success. And then we had the China virus float in and then I got it back, even after that,” he said. "And we handed off something strong and they're destroying it, just absolutely destroying our country, but we can do it again and we will do it again. We have no choice. We have to.”
He suggested his public service is not done yet. 
When asked whether he’ll be a presidential candidate in 2024, Trump said, “I think people are going to be very happy with my decision.”