A few weeks ago, I was invited down to the Minnesota State Capitol to speak at a Give It Back tax rally. 
As you may know, Minnesota is drowning in a $9.3 billion budget surplus, equaling 17% of their entire state budget. 
Hundreds of people filled the Capitol rotunda chanting “It’s our surplus, give it back!” 
It looks like the message got through to the governor and legislature as they’re on the verge of passing a permanent income tax cut.
The rally was sponsored by my friends at Center of the American Experiment. 
They are a public policy think tank based in Golden Valley, Minnesota. 
They do what most think tanks do: research policy, publish white papers, provide expert testimony at the legislature and write op-eds for newspapers. 
But unlike most think tanks across the country, American Experiment takes it up a notch and gets involved in advocacy and activism, like sponsoring tax rallies.
That’s why I’m thrilled to hear they are expanding into North Dakota with the launch of American Experiment North Dakota. 
Their first effort will be a series of events across North Dakota focusing on education beginning Tuesday and Wednesday in Wahpeton, Fargo and Grand Forks. 
A second tour is planned for western North Dakota in early June with specific dates and locations to be announced soon.
Started more than 30 years ago, American Experiment was recently named the third most impactful policy organization at the Minnesota State Capitol behind the teacher’s union and the chamber of commerce. 
Their goal is to become that effective in Bismarck. 
They’ve grown in recent years to 22 employees and their mission statement emphasizes free enterprise, limited government, personal responsibility and government accountability.
American Experiment is not a political group — they don’t participate in elections or endorse candidates. 
But they do provide the intellectual weight behind many of the discussions we’re having in politics. 
Their website is full of content, updated daily, that is heavily researched, and fact based. 
It will be exciting to see them start writing and commenting on North Dakota policy. 
I’m especially interested in their work on energy and the environment since they are such important topics for our state.
The first events for American Experiment North Dakota are titled Education Not Indoctrination: Critical Race Theory and the Miseducation of America’s Youth. 
Even though North Dakota passed a law recently banning the teaching of CRT in our schools, the concepts and framework behind it often creep into everyday teaching and learning. 
These events are tailored to parents and grandparents seeking to find out how Critical Race Theory and the “equity” movement show up in the curriculum and what they can do about it.
In a press release announcing the North Dakota effort, my friend John Hinderaker, president of Center of the American Experiment, had this to say: “We look forward to offering our research, writing and activism to North Dakota citizens and policymakers in the fields of energy, taxes and regulation, education, public safety and healthcare.”
All North Dakotans should look forward to American Experiment joining the conversation in our state.
For more information on next week’s events, go to www.AmericanExperimentND.org
