Anthony Fauci is, once again, talking about masking to prevent the spread ofCOVID-19. Unequivocally, mask-wearing in schools has become one of the hot-button topics locally and across the United States, as well. Fauci ought to read the work of the Brownstone Institute.
Earlier this month, the Brownstone Institute ran a story with the headline “The Best Mask Study Yet,” and in it made references to the results of a “natural experiment” in two large K-12 districts in the F-M metro, Fargo Public Schools, who mandated masks at the start of the fall semester in 2021, and West Fargo Public Schools, who did not.
The study compared the two districts in almost every category possible. But the most startling fact was that up to January 17, 2022, when Fargo Public Schools dropped their mandatory mask mandate, the numbers were nearly the same – West Fargo Public Schools reported 1,596 cases of COVID-19, while Fargo Public Schools reported 1,475 cases. West Fargo has around 800 more students enrolled than Fargo.
After Fargo Public Schools dropped their mask mandate, the numbers remained nearly steady, with West Fargo reporting 22 more cases than Fargo after January 17 (622 in West Fargo, versus 600 in Fargo).
The article goes on to state that a maximum of 5% of students in West Fargo “were wearing masks of their own volition,” while Fargo achieved “near universal compliance.”
After both schools were on an equal playing field, the results were nearly the same – 5.1% of West Fargo students tested positive, and 5.3% of Fargo students tested positive. What does that show? This shows that the mask policy in Fargo Public School provided no different outcomes as did the lifting of the same policy. In fact, there was no surge in cases after the mandate was lifted in Fargo, and there was no prolonged peak due to the optional mask policy in West Fargo.
By the way, since the North Dakota Department of Health began reporting COVID-19 cases in K-12 schools, Fargo Public Schools (with a mask mandate) has seen a total of 2,132 students contract COVID-19 in data that has been calculated since August 2021. In West Fargo Public Schools (no mask mandate), 2,271 students have contracted COVID-19.
If you are still asking yourselves if masks truly do work and are needed in schools – the answer is no. The risk posed to our students is much greater than the reward, as mask-wearing can impact a child.
Far too many students across the United States, and even across the world, have lost so much during the past two years of the COVID-19 pandemic, both academically and socially.
Let’s not continue to impact these students with burdensome requirements like requiring a mask for students, especially when the likelihood of them succumbing to serious illness is minuscule. Of course, children can still get sick from COVID-19, but the chances of them becoming seriously ill is less.
Parents, it’s time to take back our children’s education – now.
