Depending on where you live, a gallon of gas will cost you anywhere from $3.50 to $7. 
If that doesn’t make you mad, I don’t know what will. 
And if you could see anyone that deserves more blame than the president of the United States, let me know. 
Our energy policy is a mess. 
This is what happens when you put people in charge that want to export our climate guilt, do more damage to the global environment, and cause significant economic pain on the consumer.
The agriculture and energy industries both face big headwinds in the United States, because of the ecoterrorists and their quest for America to return to a buffalo commons. 
What can we do?
Tharaldson Ethanol, of Casselton, hosted an event this week focused on solutions. 
One North Dakota billionaire, Gary Tharaldson, and another billionaire, Harold Hamm, who hails from Oklahoma but has brought his company, Continental Resources, to North Dakota for several decades to crack the code of the Bakken. 
Their companies announced a partnership with Summit Carbon Solutions.
Every publicly-traded company in America, and every capital-intensive industrial project, must live by a set of rules called Environmental Social Governance. 
These edicts now require companies to have a low carbon score. 
That’s the world we live in.
This partnership will take advantage of North Dakota’s geology, and store carbon thousands of miles below the surface. 
An oil baron sees a solution from an ethanol baron, and an Iowa farm kid, and his team, that include Wade Boeshans, a former BNI Coal CEO, are taking the woke world by storm.
No matter what problem you throw at these three, they’re going to find a solution.
“I grew up on a farm,” Hamm said. 
“We call ourselves energy farmers.”
Hamm says the announcement also brings a partnership between agriculture and energy.
“As the emphasis becomes more on ESG, and those types of things, this is the right thing to do at the right time,” he said.
Tharaldson said the plant began with a $100 million dollar plant 15 years ago. 
Now, 170 million gallons per year is produced.
Innovation has happened in a big way over the years.
Tharaldson said the company is adding a way to take distiller’s grain, and take the protein out of it to be sold for feed cattle. 
Additionally, Tharaldson has found new methods for extracting corn oil.
“We wanted to be able to take advantage by putting an investment into that (method),” he said.
Bruce Rastetter, CEO of Summit Carbon Solutions, explained what the project will do for North Dakota.
“The project will capture the CO2 from ethanol plants, compress it, make it a liquid, put in the pipe, pump it and permanently store it in geology that, long term, safely stores it,” he said.
The bond between agriculture and energy is growing stronger every day in North Dakota. 
Because of our unique geology, we have enough space to store all the greenhouse gases that will allow us to enjoy affordable energy, and ultimately allow us to produce more of everything, without being punished by those held hostage to a new set of rules.
These men are pioneers. 
Let’s cheer them on as they provide solutions, so ag and energy can remain the economic juggernaut they provide for everyone in our state, while feeding and fueling the world.