I know most days it doesn’t feel like the conservative movement is going anywhere but backward. However, polling data suggests just the exact opposite. The truth of the matter is – we are winning.
My current favorite example is this kangaroo court called the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th attack on the United States Capitol. Rep. Kelly Armstrong, who was originally appointed to be a part of the process, was rejected by Speaker Nancy Pelosi. No doubt his prosecutorial skills were not what she wanted on that panel. Pelosi, and her Democratic minions, want you to believe that this is a legitimate effort.
“Speaker Pelosi decided to throw 250 years of House precedence and rules and procedure out the window,” Armstrong told me. “Every time Speaker Pelosi uses the word ‘unprecedented,’ what it really means is galvanizing power in her office, and she kicked off the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, and the chair of the largest Republican conference.”
They call it an insurrection. I’m not aware of any insurrection in history in which no gun (other than by law enforcement) was ever fired. But the American public isn’t buying this, despite efforts to the contrary. Only 9% of Americans are following this very closely, according to an ABC/IPSOS poll. They get it – this is a sham.
Pelosi, Rep. Liz Cheney, and others hope this illegitimate process will somehow prompt criminal charges against President Donald Trump, disqualifying him from being a candidate in 2024. Ironically, their efforts are simply emboldening Trump and his campaign apparatus. He’s much more likely to be a candidate now because he’s tired of these endless witch hunts, which never prompt the desired outcome by his enemies.
Nearly half of Americans believe Trump is not responsible for some dopes who busted their way into the Capitol. We are winning in the court of common sense.
Another example is the ‘right track, wrong track’ polling, long a gold standard of gauging the opinions of the American public. Never mind what Republicans think, Democrats have had enough. The most recent polling suggests 58% of Democrats believe this country is on the wrong track. The country led by Democrat President Joe Biden is on the wrong track. Responsibility for those blunders falls squarely on his shoulders.
The border is open, and crime, drug use, and inflation are all up. The economy is a trainwreck because of the outrageous spending that Biden rammed through. Inflation would be actually higher if he would've spent everything he proposed. We must not forget the negotiating by Sens. John Hoeven and Kevin Cramer, to lure Sens. Joe Manchin and Kyrsten Sinema into a bipartisan infrastructure package that allowed them to vote no on Biden's "Build Back Better" plan.
The big question now is what Republicans will do with the majority. Armstrong wants a strong focus on oversight. “We have a tremendous opportunity,” he said. “It’s the one thing the House does better than the Senate.”
To be clear, much work remains. But we’re on the 10-yard line, and we’re leading this game. Victory in November looks likely. But Republican leadership has blown it before. They had the majority in the Trump era and squandered it. For now, savor it.
