The political candidates are busy going door to door asking for our vote. The campaign signs are up in the most strategic of locations. The yard signs are out.
'Tis the political season once again.
The candidates, also known as politicians, sometimes get a bad rap. We're quick to turn the other way when we see them coming. But they enter the arena. They study the issues. They do the debates. And this time of year, they run the race. If they win, they serve. It's called public service for a reason.
Former President Teddy Roosevelt left office in 1909. He spent a year hunting and then emerged to engage in public debates. On April 23, 1910 he gave a famous speech:
"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat."
That is timeless wisdom from Roosevelt. And it's a good reminder for all of us to thank those who choose public service. The inordinate amount of time they dedicate to serving the public is incredible. They could hunt. They could go on more vacations. They could spend more time with their family members. But they choose to serve us. They put their name on a ballot and campaign for votes. Then, when elected, they take on a political office. They enter the arena. That is worthy of our praise.
And more of us should join the fight. Complaining about those in public service is a popular sport. But our founding fathers gave us a great example of citizen legislators. Public service is noble. From serving on a PTA at school, to school board, city council, county commission or even in the legislature is important work. It's how we make a difference with our time and improve the lives of those around us. And the old adage holds true: You can't complain if you're not willing to roll up your sleeves and get to work.
The issues that need our attention are plentiful. Inflation and our economy. The price of gas needs solutions. Crime is a concern everywhere. These are kitchen table topics that concern every voter. What is the fix? Who can deliver a pathway to solutions? Much is required of the candidates to address the concerns for which the voters want answers.