Should more student loans be forgiven? 
Who could think that this is a smart policy? 
Student loan repayments were paused during the early months of the pandemic. 
That was supposed to end in January of 2021. 
President Joe Biden has continually extended the deadline, now set to expire in September of 2022.
In his first year he also canceled more than $17 billion in debt for 725,000 borrowers. 
Recently, they granted another 40,000 borrowers immediate debt cancellation under the public service loan forgiveness program.
And he's not done yet. 
Liberal members of Congress are pushing for $50,000 in debt cancellation for every borrower.
We have the highest inflation in over 40 years from the tragic decisions by Biden and Democratic congressional leaders who rammed a $2.1 trillion COVID "relief" package down our throats. 
It added to our national debt and was all printed money. 
So how could anyone think it's a good idea to double down on stupid?
Perhaps it's a political ploy to buy the votes of younger Americans. 
Biden's poll numbers have plummeted among a group that helped elect him. 
It seems young Americans have turned on Biden. 
Even CNN had to admit it. "That's the shocking finding of a Gallup analysis of its polling over the breadth of Biden's term released this week," they reported.
Support from Generation Z voters (those born between 1997 and 2004) propelled Biden to victory. 
That support remained strong until this past fall. During the period spanning September 2021 to March 2022, that number had plummeted to an average of just 39%.
A new poll from Quinnipiac shows similar trends. 
Enthusiasm for Biden among younger Americans is in freefall. 
Only 21% of those aged 18 to 34 said they approved of the way the president was handling his job, while 58% disapproved.
That worries Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y. "This is really about the collapse of support among young people, among the Democratic base, who are feeling that they worked overtime to get this president elected and aren't necessarily being seen," she said.
She clearly wants Biden to pander to younger voters with more goodies that might buy him better poll numbers.
I have a different theory. 
I think the youth of America are awakening to the generational theft that has been foisted on them from these insane policies.
They should be mad.
Charlie Kirk, founder of the youth movement, Turning Point USA, with high school and college chapters nationwide, has an interesting perspective on this. 
"They are the most suicidal, alcohol-dependent, and depression suffering generation in history," he said. 
"Before they can even get started in life, they have had their present and future wealth stolen by those who came before them who have used government largess to live too large. 
Never again do I want to hear the phrase, 'Kid’s just don’t get it.' 
Kids are getting it and according to Quinnipiac they are 'getting it' better than their parents."
It's an exciting development to see this block of young voters dramatically displaying buyer's remorse from their previous political support. 
It should bring us hope for the future. 
And every single political poll suggests the days for Democratic majorities are numbered. 
The problems are piling up, it's time to reverse course.
