I wrote a column recently quoting Dr. Peter McCullough extensively. 
McCullough is an internist, cardiologist and epidemiologist managing the cardiovascular complications of both the viral infection and the injuries developed after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine in Dallas. 
He has 54 peer-reviewed publications on the infection, has commented extensively on the medical response to the COVID-19 crisis in major media and has testified in the U.S. Senate.
I set out to allow local healthcare systems and public health officials the opportunity to challenge any of McCullough's statements. 
The North Dakota Department of Health did not respond to our requests. 
Fargo Cass Public Health declined in favor of allowing the health systems to answer. 
Altru Health System in Grand Forks declined. Only Dr. Doug Griffin, Vice President and Medical Officer at Sanford Health in Fargo, was willing to address the opinions of Dr. McCullough.
Here are his answers to some of our questions:
Q: What guidance and or restrictions are Doctors given related to COVID-19 care from your organization?
A: “Sanford Health only provides evidence-based care treatments for patients that are proven to be effective.”
Q: Do you agree that the doctors are in a state of intimidation or fear?
A: “I’ve been in healthcare for 35 years and unfortunately, the scientific misinformation our clinicians and providers are experiencing is not like I’ve ever seen before. I believe some of the vitriol can be attributed to social media, as well as stress and mental health challenges in our communities that have been exacerbated by the pandemic.
We’ve surveyed our clinicians and nurses and have found that burnout is not only due to overall fatigue but also challenging dynamics that our providers are having to navigate and respond to on a daily basis while caring for patients.”
This sounds like an answer to a different question but should still be of concern to all of us.
Q: Are the vaccines for every patient? Do you suggest any exemptions?
A: “We recommend that patients who have questions about COVID-19 vaccination have a conversation with their physician. For the vast majority of patients, vaccines are a very safe and effective tool for preventing hospitalization and death from COVID-19. A recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine evaluated data regarding COVID-19–related vaccination and outcomes for approximately 10 million people. It was the largest study to date to estimate the effectiveness of the Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson vaccines in reducing the current risks of COVID-19, hospitalization and death.”
Q: Is McCullough correct that less than 1% of COVID-19 deaths and hospitalizations had access to early treatment?
A: “10,000 COVID-positive patients have trusted us with their care. Sanford Health has administered more than 13,000 monoclonal antibody infusions to patients who have tested positive for COVID-19, preventing over 900 hospitalizations and as many as 130 deaths.”
While I appreciate Sanford Health engaging in this discussion, these answers are more ambiguous than we deserve. 
Science is not black and white. 
There are no easy answers here, but the health systems we trust and the public health entities that are losing our trust need to do better at engaging credible critics so all of us can make informed decisions about our health.