British-American author Thomas Paine wrote the book "Common Sense". In the book, Paine made the argument that the cause of America should not just be revolt against taxation, but also a demand for independence.

The book, a 50-page pamphlet that sold more than 500,000 copies within months, was printed in January 1776 and paved the way for the Declaration of Independence, ratified on that historic July 4 of the same year.

Are we witnessing the death of common sense? Do we still have independence?

A vaccine, sold as a tool to prevent you from getting COVID-19 no longer does. Whether it's COVID-19, the Spanish flu, World War II, or the real racial divide of the Martin Luther King, Jr. era, we shall prevail. Let's return to Thomas Paine's wise counsel, and use common sense.

What concerns me most is how the younger generations grow ever-more woke and have much less the resolve that their ancestors had. They are too quick to give up that precious independence. How do we change that? I believe our education system bears the majority of this blame. Parents have to do their fair share too. However, today's public education system is woefully inadequate in teaching our children about the great idea of America.

Hillsdale College probably does this better than anywhere and North Dakota will open an affiliate of Hillsdale College this fall in Fargo. The Capstone Classical Academy is the fruit of the labor of people like Larry and June Nygard and the supporters of this new education endeavor who have worked tirelessly for several years to bring this dream to life. This fall, a kindergarten through sixth grade school will open. Each year after, another grade will be added until a K through 12 education is available from Capstone.

According to their mission statement, “classical education aims to form children into flourishing humans by cultivating a philosophic habit of mind in each student. This means that classical education is concerned with more than mere job preparation, it is primarily concerned with discerning truth.”

I'm a big believer in Christian schools. Our kids were blessed to attend John Paul II schools. In addition to receiving a great education, they had the benefit of something public schools legally cannot provide – reinforcement of the bedrock Christian Catholic values in which they were raised.

This is also a political problem. Much of the political world today is scared of the racial bully. Glenn Youngkin, the new Governor of Virginia, is blazing a trail that others on the Northern Plains should quickly emulate.

“Parents should have a say in what is taught in school, because in Virginia, parents have a fundamental right to make decisions with regards to their child’s upbringing, education and care. To parents, I say we respect you. And we will empower you in the education of your children,” Youngkin said in his inaugural address.

Let us embark on an effort to restore American values in the education of our children. Our future depends on it.