I have a notebook full of gratitude for you this week.
I spent three days at the Big Iron Farm Show in West Fargo. It was the 42nd annual event this year and it attracts a huge crowd from across the Northern Plains and always a few international visitors as well. City folks tend to take our farmers and ranchers for granted, disregarding the enormous amount of risk and uncertainty they need to navigate, whatever market forces and the weather throw their way. And without them, we don't eat. They feed the world. Their entrepreneurial spirit takes what comes and they get up every day and do the job. I'm grateful for our farmers and ranchers.
The energy industry is easy to forget because we seem to have an endless supply of electricity, oil, gasoline, natural gas and all their byproducts. But do we? I'll be in Watford City for the North Dakota Petroleum Council's annual meeting to deliver a message of gratitude to industry leaders and their workforce. These folks just find a way to shake off market forces, punishing regulatory regimes, and flat-out attacks from too many government and "climate action" zealots. We'll pay the price if they lose the battle with an ever-increasing bite in our budgets. We should have their back. When they win, we win. Plus, cities like Watford City grow into ever greater places to live with new schools, record enrollment, wonderful amenities, and solid quality of life. The entire state benefits in billions of ways. I'm grateful these industries take a lickin' and keep on tickin'!
I ran across a letter from my Grandma Thielges for the occasion of my 9th birthday in 1973 recently. I'm not sure I had the gratitude I should have had for the kindness and wisdom of my parents and grandparents. They are all gone now and I miss those pearls of wisdom. They were always cheering me on and sharing lessons that stay with me to this day. In her letter, besides describing the good weather that was a real "fuel and feed saver" on the farm, Grandma reminded me, "Don't worry about anything, instead pray about everything." She was always telling us kids, "If you have faith, nothing shall be impossible for you." My Mom carried on her encouragement and used to remind us that "Circumstances are God's sealed orders". I have tried to keep their traditions alive with my children. They roll their eyes when I say for the 100th time,"Don't let anyone rob your joy!"
I'll leave you with two of my favorites from famous writers.
Leo Buscaglia: "Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around."
Margaret Mead: "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has."
I'm grateful for the encouragers. The world needs more of them, now more than ever.
