2022 has arrived.

This will make many people, reading this column, shout for joy; because it's not 2021 any longer, or 2020, for that matter. But I'd hope we would not wish any time away, but rather, cherish every moment of every day and every year.

Before you jump to any conclusions about my lack of empathy for anyone who has seen challenges in the era of a pandemic, please hear me out.

Any moment in time that brings sickness or death, for anyone we love, is agonizing. And while we would never wish for anyone to suffer, there is a redeeming value that it brings.

Pope John Paul II, now a saint, famously quipped to a priest complaining about an injury. “Don't waste your suffering.”
I've always enjoyed the famous saying, “What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger.”

There is a Bible verse that has been part of my email signature for years, John 16:33, which says, “In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.”

What we have seen these last two years is really emblematic, in one way or another, of the previous 2,000 plus years. Peril has been with us since the beginning of time. And, in a very short time frame, under the stars and stripes of the United States of America, much toil has befallen us Americans.

So, I might suggest that it's better just to take life as it comes, and see every threat as an opportunity. Do not wish away time; embrace it. As with the opinions of most columnists, this is easier said than done.

The COVID pandemic is but one chapter in a very long story. Let's dispense with the manner in which it is consuming far too many conversations. Let's listen to doctors we trust, and make common sense decisions about protecting ourselves and our loved ones. And let's live our lives to the fullest. Let's see every breath we take as a precious gift from God.
I will make that my first new year's resolution for 2022.

Here are a few more: I am going to talk less, and listen more; I am going to gossip less, and have more honest conversations about the facts; and I am going to make more memories, and break a few routines. I am going to try and convince more of you that the country we love has drifted dangerously far from the vision of our founding fathers. I am going to waste way less time on social media, and devote it to catching up with friends and family that I have lost track of.

I am going to lean into a few of the things I dislike in 2022 – that means walking more, shoveling more, trying new foods, and just saying yes without hesitation when anyone in the family says, “Come on, Dad!”

This year, I resolve to be grateful to live in this moment of time in North Dakota, a great place to live in the greatest country ever.