What a glorious week it was for the pro-life movement. 
Mountains are moving. 
Seas are parting. 
It's sad it took so long, but a majority of the United States Supreme court is close to declaring that Roe v. Wade, the cruel decision by the court in 1973, was wrongly decided.
Over 65 million babies have lost their lives because of this horrific decision. 
This momentous event would not be happening without the masterful leadership of former President Donald J. Trump or Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky. 
Their brilliant partnership led to three Federalist justices joining the highest court in the land. 
It will be their greatest historic achievement.
The decision has not yet been officially announced by the court. 
We only know the majority opinion has been written by Justice Samual Alito because of the criminal act of someone who leaked the document to the liberal website Politico. It's a reprehensible act that has never happened before in the entire history of the Supreme Court.
“Roe was egregiously wrong from the start,” Alito writes in his scholarly and poetic undressing of what some call "settled law." "Its reasoning was extremely weak, and the decision has had damaging consequences. And far from bringing a national settlement of the abortion issue...it enflamed debate and deepened division. It is time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people’s elected representatives” he writes in this historic majority opinion.
I am a conservative Republican for many reasons related to the values I hold dear, but most especially because the party defends innocent life. 
Before they earn my vote, I need to know if a candidate has a firm and convicted pro-life position. 
But since 1973, the ability to stop this infanticide has been taken from legislators. 
And America has lived through a chapter worse than slavery and the holocaust. 
This is a glorious day indeed. 
Our federally sanctioned lawful murder of innocent children is near its end.
For my pro-choice friends, I'd counsel you to refrain from jumping off of any bridges in despair assuming that abortions will cease to occur in the United States anytime soon. The result of this decision is that the U.S. Constitution matters again and the 10th Amendment, while on life-support, still lives. Lest you forget, that genius work of our Founding Fathers declared that the federal government can only do what the Constitution specifically granted it the power to do.
You won't find a "right to privacy" so you can abort a baby anywhere in the Constitution. 
But the decision of whether abortion should be legal is now one for the states to decide. 
Twenty-four states are likely to retain the right to an abortion. 
I pray that changes and that every state will awaken to the error of the holocaust of abortion. 
But until that day, those that seek a legal and "safe" abortion will have that option. 
So the ultimate victory is likely decades away.
