I am headed to Target Field for the Minnesota Twins home opener this Thursday.
Every time I attend a game, it conjures up memories of my dad. 
He passed away in 2009, and we buried him in his favorite Minnesota Twins ball cap.
As a young boy, he fell down a flight of stairs and onto a stack of canning jars. 
His leg was a mangled mess, and he spent a year at the Gillette Children's Hospital in Minneapolis. 
He grew up in a poor family in Madison, Minnesota, and they couldn't afford to visit often. 
He was alone in that hospital room most nights, but he had Minneapolis Millers baseball games on the radio to keep him company.
The injury robbed him of his ability to play the game he loved, but he developed a fondness for the story-telling and play-calling talents of legends like Halsey Hall on KSTP and WCCO radio. 
His love of radio was born, and he later attended Brown Institute and took up a career in radio until his death at 69.
He loved everything about baseball. 
Growing up, he was the "stadium" announcer for the hometown Madison Mallards. 
The Twins came in 1961. 
I was born in 1964. 
Some of my earliest memories were at the old Metropolitan Stadium, watching Twins games. 
I don't remember much other than that it made my dad so happy. 
I'm guessing he was just so thankful that this sport carried him through some lonely, challenging days in that hospital bed. 
It sparked a career.
I often wonder what he would think of what has happened to Major League Baseball and professional sports in general. 
I know it's hard not to be disappointed in the antics of the players' union and their endless quest to right their perceived wrongs. 
The union calls the shots with MLB leadership and the team owners. 
But who wins in that game? Not the fans!
Baseball is a sport that once united Americans of all political persuasions in their love for the game. 
And now political factions within are trying to steal that from us.
Let's not let them win. 
They can only steal this All-American pastime if we let them. 
They can't take my memories away or prevent me from making more. 
Unless I succumb to blaming their actions on the teams we love.
The insane debate over defunding the police has left Minneapolis in need of common sense. 
Times have been tough between COVID lockdowns and an out-of-touch Minneapolis City Council. 
We can't fix stupid. 
But we can descend on Target Field and celebrate our Minnesota Twins once again. 
Restaurants and bars have had tough times. 
The shops, and the good folks who make their living, could use some patrons willing to smile in the face of silliness. 
Don't punish the team for the dumb decisions of people we can't control. 
Don't let "woke" win. 
Play ball! Win Twins!
