The news about the death of North Dakota Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem rocked our state. 
It brought political adversaries, friends and foes to their knees. 
As it should.
Stenehjem died unexpectedly, at 68 years of age, last Friday, Jan. 28. It generated an enormous amount of respect for North Dakota's longest serving attorney general. 
Why is it that someone has to die for us to find out how much they are loved? 
Stenehjem was loved, there is no doubt about it.
On Monday’s radio show, we took a pause from the usual conversation to talk about Wayne's legacy with those who knew him best.
Sen. Ray Holmberg, R-Grand Forks, remembered Stenehjem as having an “unbelievable” ability to work in many different areas.
“The state did not have a great record as far as public access to information,” Holmberg said. 
“Wayne was an absolute leader for passing legislation early and and continuing while he was attorney general, being an advocate for, and closely watching, government agencies and if they're being fair to the public in their hiding, or not hiding, of public record.”
Karl Rove, deputy chief of staff under Pres. George W. Bush, remembered early times with Stenehjem in the College Republicans organization. 
Rove and Stenehjem met when Rove was running for National College Republican chairman.
“He was one remarkable human being,” Rove said. 
He said Stenehjem could condense a complex idea into a simple one. 
Rove says that's what made him an “outstanding legislator.”
Stenehjem also ran for governor in 2016 with Sen. Nicole Poolman, R-Bismarck, as his running mate. 
One of the memories Poolman reflected on was the fact that Stenehjem was all about the people.
“He always had a joyful sense of purpose, in both the policy side and the political,” she said. 
“He just loved the people of North Dakota.”
Gov. Doug Burgum called the loss of Stenehjem “a huge loss for the state.”
“We knew that, on the last day in office, all of his institutional knowledge goes out the door. 
Having a loss of that right now is just a loss to the state,” Burgum said.
Rep. Kelly Armstrong, the lone House member from North Dakota, remembered Wayne in an emotional moment.
“He turned into one of my really great friends in politics,” he said. 
“He taught me how to take legal knowledge and turn it into good public policy.”
Armstrong says he will most remember the non-political conversations with Stenehjem – based around family.
Sen. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D., said his accomplishments are much to be remembered.
“When you accomplish as much as Wayne has accomplished, and you reach the pinnacle of your service and you’re still that same guy that represented the University of North Dakota district in Grand Forks, that says it all about Wayne Stenehjem,” Cramer said.
May God bless Wayne Stenehjem, his wife, Beth, and son, Andrew. 
And may God give us a spirit of telling those we love, what we love about them, before they leave this earth.
