Now that Elon Musk has coughed up $44 billion in real money to awaken the masses to how important free speech is, I feel comfortable extending an invite to you.
Dr. Peter McCullough is coming to Fargo's Avalon Events Center at 7 p.m., Friday, May 6. 
Come engage in a civil and interesting conversation about a topic that hasn't been easy to discuss in the last two years. 
Free speech has been a dangerous endeavor in the era of COVID.
You may have heard some wild accusations about McCullough since he has been public enemy No. 1 with the COVID police. 
It's quite indicative of the Bizzaro world in which we've been living.
I think we may be turning a corner. 
A doctor friend of mine told me recently that he surprised other docs with his reaction to the news that the next variant may be the most contagious yet. 
"Good", he said. 
Hospitalizations have stayed low and natural immunity has increased during the Omicron variant wave. 
It sounds like more of the same is in our future. 
Normal is near.
If you predicted any of this even a year ago you were labeled "dangerous" and "a killer". 
That is shameful treatment for an expert as highly credentialed as Dr. Peter McCullugh. 
He is so controversial for sharing his opinions that he almost got the world-famous podcaster Joe Rogan fired. 
His appearance on the "Joe Rogan Experience" has been heard by hundreds of millions of people.
Let me share what the reporter, blogger, academic and armchair experts never tell you about McCollough.
He is an internist, cardiologist and epidemiologist managing the cardiovascular complications of both the viral infection and the injuries developed after the COVID-19 vaccine in Dallas. 
Since the outset of the pandemic, he has been a leader in the medical response to the COVID-19 disaster. 
He has 55 peer-reviewed publications on the infection and has commented extensively on the medical response to the COVID-19 crisis in most national media outlets. 
He has testified in the U.S. Senate and in many state legislative bodies.
He sees patients all week and travels the country on weekends speaking as Chief Medical Advisor for the Truth for Health Foundation. 
Everyone is invited Friday. 
People who agree, disagree or are curious.
When it comes to COVID, traditional media sources failed miserably. 
Free speech and journalistic principles were rare. 
Now that the pandemic is nearing its end (despite the Democrats' attempts to escalate it once again, coincidentally before elections they are likely to lose), can we have an adult conversation about the lessons learned from this long national nightmare?
North Dakota Conservative Advocates and Freedom Matters USA are sponsoring the event. 
There is a free-will offering for donations at the door. 
The evening will end with a question and answer session with the audience. 
More information can be found at NDCan.org.
