While the Wuhan virus dominates, the presidential election looms only 206 days away.
It was telling to see how efficiently the Democratic machine operated when it looked like the radical left’s “dear leader,” comrade Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt, had a chance of winning the nomination prior to dropping out of the race this week. 
Upon receiving the call from Dem headquarters, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., Pete Buttigieg, Beto O'Rourke, mini-Mike Bloomberg and even Sens. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., and Cory Booker, D-N.J., rushed to former Vice President Joe Biden’s side proclaiming their undying love and support.
Biden, of course, is the friendly old politician that grins a lot but can’t seem to get things straight. 
Liberal campaign managers have him pledging to raise taxes, open our borders, and advance the “Green New Deal.” 
Appearing confused, his attempts to extemporaneously opine on the Wuhan virus were awkward at best.
Apparently that is deemed a small price for purging “the most dangerous president in American history.” 
Besides, Biden is an empty vessel that can easily be filled by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and her entourage of deep-state handlers. 
Hmmm. 
Could they be thinking that after inauguration they need only to keep him grinning in the background for a year or so, and then he proudly retires as our 46 th president? 
His vice president, perhaps Klobuchar, would be sworn in. Game changer! 
With cult-like support from news media, the federal bureaucracy and academia, what could possibly go wrong with that scheme?
Actually, one significant problem involves former Ukraine Prosecutor General Viktor Shokin who was fired after then Vice President Biden threatened to withhold substantial American aide to Ukraine in a quid pro quo. 
Shokin has successfully secured a Ukraine court order to investigate whether Biden violated any Ukraine laws. 
At the time Biden was demanding he be fired, Shokin was investigating the corrupt Burisma Holdings Firm that just happened to be paying large sums of money to Hunter Biden.
Documents released under the Freedom of Information Act indicate Burisma’s lawyers were pressuring our State Department in February 2016 to end corruption allegations against Burisma, invoking Hunter Biden’s name. 
Recently, the Latvian government acknowledged it sent a warning to Ukraine officials in February 2016 flagging several Burisma financial transactions as “suspicious,” including large payments to Hunter Biden.
There is more. 
Federal lawmakers are looking into how Joe, his brothers and sister, and Hunter all somehow became rather wealthy while Joe was vice president. 
The Senate will be launching an investigation into lucrative Biden family financial dealings with Ukraine, China and Iraq. 
Bummer. 
The Dems might be forced to say: “Sorry, Joe, you have to go.”
Then what? 
Fast forward to the Democrat Presidential Nomination Convention. 
Masked delegates would be seated 6 feet apart. 
Picture Barack and Michelle Obama, unmasked, stepping forward. Imagine Gallop’s “most admired woman in the world” saying: “My fellow Democrats and fellow Americans: The polls indicate Governor Andrew Cuomo might not win. Four more years of Donald J. Trump will spell the destruction of the United States of America. I am therefore offering my candidacy as a sure pathway to saving our Republic.”
Not a dry eye in the house; the Republic would be saved!
