Rather than productive discussions of policy, Forum/InForum readers are being saturated with outrageous personal assaults on President Trump, slandering and smearing every aspect of his very existence.
Case in point: Forum columnist Josie Danz wrote: “Trump’s mishandling of the pandemic and refusal to heed the advice of health experts and the realities of science is largely to blame for well over 200,000 deaths. He is a disgrace and a threat to America.”
This hateful lie disregards Trump quickly closing our borders and assembling a first-rate team of scientists, epidemiologists, and medical experts. 
In record time, they built and distributed vital medical equipment, developed virus tests, and supported state governors’ individual needs. 
Vaccines will be available by the end of 2020 in historically record time.
Without a shred of factual proof, Danz speculatively blames President Trump for the deaths of over 200,000 fellow citizens. 
That disgraceful accusation obligates her to explain to readers exactly how Trump caused those deaths. 
Who are her ”health experts?” What specific “realities of science” did Trump and his scientists “mishandle” that provably caused thousands of deaths?
Danz repeated other unsubstantiated, slanderous anti-Trump lies including: “His racism and glorification of white supremacy, his objectification of women and actions that work to deteriorate their rights, his taxes” and “the militia he’s unleashed on civilians at the height of the Black Lives Matter movement.”
Fact check: Trump’s tax cuts provided thousands of dollars to every middle-class family in our region. 
He is the first President to guarantee increased future funding for traditionally Black colleges. 
He annually sponsors informative Black History Month celebrations at the White House.
Ivanka Trump, Melania Trump, former Presidential Counselor Kellyanne Conway and Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany have all been “objectified” and their rights as women “deteriorated” by President Trump? Rediculous nonsense!
How did Danz dream up “the militia he’s unleashed on civilians?” 
The only militias “unleashed” on civilians near our region were Black Lives Matter Marxist anarchists looting and burning hundreds of innocent businesses in Minneapolis, businesses not unlike hers.
Joe Biden was forced to hand over Democratic Party control to hardcore leftists Sen. Kamala Harris and Sen. Bernie Sanders. 
Their published policy agenda includes: one-size-fits-all government health care under which you will pay more to wait longer for worse care, ending America’s energy independence, devastating trillion dollar middle-class tax increases, and free government abortions right up to your grandbaby’s day of birth.
Heads up readers! 
These radical revolutionaries are confidently counting on you to be so fully saturated with outright lies and pathological hate for Donald Trump, spewed out in part by Forum columnists Shaw, Brickner, Bender, Danz, and others, that you will be willing to turn a blind eye to the loss of your precious freedom. 
Once Biden and Harris pack the Supreme Court, our Constitution will be toast and you and I will be subject to permanent radical government rule.
Alarmingly, current polls indicate it will happen. 
At stake is survival of our two-party constitutional republic. 
Reject hateful lies and vote to preserve individual rights and our treasured liberty.
