Moorhead Mayor Jonathan Judd has sensibly proposed community conversations on racism.
So, where do we start? 
How do we process current events? 
Some people among us have racial bias. 
Writers on this page describe negative encounters with police. 
We react with empathy and emotion, yet wonder: Are these incidents systemic, commonplace, uncommon, one-off?
Sunday Forum headline: “ In mostly white ND, people of color decry racism, police discrimination .” 
How often do North Dakota police discriminate? 
Is there evidence of widespread racism in North Dakota? 
Who tracks, measures and records these accusations?
Weeks after a rogue Minneapolis police officer was charged with the horrific murder of an unarmed black man, emotional protests and expressions of outrage continue. Black Lives Matter is aggressively promoting its disturbing allegation that police are brutally engaged in “systemic killing” of unarmed black men.
Chanted catchphrases and graffiti at protest sites have incited participants with the “systemic killing” story line. 
Mainstream media have shown white protesters, including police officers, kneeling down to beg Black Lives Matter for forgiveness.
Mostly unreported, police officers have been stabbed, shot and murdered at increasing rates. 
Three more were killed and five others shot in the line of duty late in May, totaling 25 police officers killed by gunfire in 2020 after just 5 months.
Google identifies about 18,000 police agencies with approximately 686,000 full-time law enforcement officers. 
They engage in around 375 million annual contacts with the public.
The Washington Post compiles factual statistics on police use of force:
In 2019, police fatally shot 1,004 individuals. 235 (23%) were African-Americans.
235 fatalities is less than 2019 black crime rate statistics would predict based on officer encounters with armed and violent suspects.
In 2019, police fatally shot 19 unarmed whites and 10 unarmed blacks, down from 32 and 38 respectively in 2015.
Of the 10 unarmed blacks, five involved officer self-defense, four came after a vehicle pursuit or standoff (resulting in two officers charged with homicide), and one was listed as an accident. (All were tragedies for family, friends and officers.)
Washington Post crime statistics consistently indicate the probability of an unjustified killing of a black man in a contact with police is too small to effectively measure. 
Their statistics also show a peace officer is 18½ times more likely to be killed by a black male than any unarmed black male is to be killed by a police officer.
Peace officers (about 23% minority) fatally shot 1,004 individuals in 2019, including the 10 referenced unarmed blacks, a ratio of 10:1004 (1%). 
No sensible person could plausibly defend the claim that this represents a pattern of brutal “systemic killing” of unarmed black men by police. 
In our community conversations on racism, truth will matter.
Personal note: I have known hundreds of dedicated state and local police officers, deputies, and Border Patrol agents - of at least four ethnicities - in 40+ years of law enforcement. 
They are consistently unbiased, non-brutal men and women dedicated to the rule of law. 
I can count the “bad apples” on one hand.
