Joe Biden: “Character is on the ballot.” 
Ecstatic CNN reporter: “A president with character our children can model!”
Attention children! 
Categorically reject modeling Biden’s character. 
Democrat media toadies have conveniently concealed the “content” of Biden's character, including a disgusting public record of lies, racial controversy, creepy behavior with women, and dishonest financial dealings.
Biden claimed he finished in the top half of his law school class but was actually near the bottom. (thehill)
Biden plagiarized during his first year of law school. 
Plagiarism followed him into politics. 
He used direct quotes from Bobby Kennedy, John F. Kennedy and Neil Kinnock, a British Labour Party leader, in U.S. Senate speeches without attribution . 
That ended his first presidential bid 32 years ago. (thehill)
Biden claimed he marched in the civil rights movement but later confessed he lied and was "not an activist" and "not out marching.” (Washington Post)
Biden claimed he was “shot at” while visiting Iraq . 
Records showed he lied; it never happened. (thehill)
Biden claimed he was arrested in South Africa while trying to meet anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela. The U.S. ambassador confirmed Joe lied; the arrest story was pure fiction. (POLITICO)
Biden chose blatantly racist language to describe 2008 presidential opponent, then-Sen. Barack Obama, as “the first sort of mainstream African American who is articulate and bright and clean.” (CNN)
This year Biden declared: “you ain’t Black if you vote for Trump.”(The Breakfast Club)
Numerous public video files show Biden's creepy, uninvited hair sniffing, shoulder massaging, kissing, and other inappropriate touching of women and girls. (NBC, YouTube)
Former Biden family business partner Tony Bobulinski has provided the FBI with irrefutable proof Joe was “the big guy” in shady Biden family financial deals with Chinese Communists, using Vice President status to enrich his family. (POLITIFACT, FOX)
The government has confirmed active criminal money laundering / tax evasion investigations of the extended Biden family. (CNN, New York Post)
Biden is at certain risk for Chinese communist extortion! (WSJ, CNN)
Contrived hate and slanderous lies regarding the most accomplished one-term president in history, Nobel Peace Prize nominee Donald Trump, malignantly perpetrated by Democratic media and woefully deceived Forum opinion writers, have effectively opened the American presidency to Chinese communist blackmailers.
It was never about character. 
Biden was judged least repugnant among a mediocre assembly of presidential wannabes. 
History will confirm Democrat handlers kept him on the down-low while party bosses in Las Vegas, Phoenix, Detroit, Milwaukee, Philadelphia and Atlanta applied middle-of-the-night election rigging expertise to guarantee critical swing-state victories.
Privileged Democrat elites, BLM Marxists, and media mob minions pledged to “force” Biden to declare war on democracy by supporting sweeping socialist “transformation,” but their assignments will soon change with Biden judged too dirty to continue. 
Behold the real war on democracy: Marxist-Socialist Kamala Harris.
Seventy-five million democracy-defending common sense patriots will steadfastly resist the socialist war on liberty and freedom. 
Rest assured, however, they will never riot, loot, attack police, or burn down your city!
