The first American patriots declared their independence from Great Britain 244 years ago. 
A subsequent generation of brave patriots prevailed in the inevitable civil war that ended slavery. 
Another generation eliminated persistent inequalities by passing the Civil Rights Act. 
While Americans suffer imperfections inherent in all human beings, this nation is broadly chronicled by scholars to be among the least racist countries in the world.
In fact, the relatively young American Republic is recognized around the earth as a beacon of liberty, freedom and justice. 
“We The People” are free to learn, grow, work and pursue happiness. 
History books are filled with stories of women and men, of multiple races and nationalities, that have achieved the American dream through hard work, determination and individual initiative, protected by the rule of law.
Alarmingly, a serious threat to America has emerged. 
Organized Marxist anarchists have spread out across the country inflicting chaos, intimidation and lawlessness. 
These anarchists are part of a serious, highly-organized, leftist political movement. 
Not superficial or random, their profound and insidious mission is to destroy our Republic. 
Nothing is sacred; no one is safe.
It began with burning the abandoned 3rd Police Precinct in Minneapolis. 
It continued with looting and burning hundreds of businesses in the Twin Cities and around the nation. 
Historic St. John’s Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C., was tagged with profane graffiti and set on fire. 
A “free autonomous zone” was established in the heart of Seattle at the site of another abandoned police precinct. 
Anarchists are demanding “police free” zones in Washington, D.C., and other cities.
Armed Marxist militias are tearing down artifacts of American history, including statues of Presidents Lincoln, Jefferson, Washington and Teddy Roosevelt. 
Too often standing aside are intimidated, unjustly-hated police. 
Clearly intended to expunge important chronicles of American history, Democrats have endorsed it as “healthy expression.” 
If Marxist radicals can psych patriotic Americans into sitting idly by watching them destroy a statue of North Dakota icon Teddy Roosevelt, activists have won, America is lost.
To that point, outwardly missing is a new generation of brave American patriots unafraid of standing up to oppose the anarchists. 
Sadly, liberals are unwittingly collaborating with Marxist activists, blindly funding their mission with multiple millions of dollars. 
Traditional American decency and good heartedness are among the mob’s core weapons.
The 2020 election is no longer about Biden’s cognitive impairment, Speaker Pelosi’s incoherent ramblings or Trump’s tweeting. 
It’s not about business lock-downs, COVID-19, or even the economy.
This election is centered on an existential threat of historic proportions: Will Constitutional America endure, safe and free under the rule of law, a nation that can never be perfect but continues to advance civilization? 
Or, conversely, will America be judged by voters to be so evil and so hated that it must be “transformed” into a feckless “socialist utopia” by avowed Marxists employing activist mob rule?
Is there yet another generation of brave patriots prepared to preserve the Constitution and rule of law on Nov. 3, 2020, or is this America’s final Independence Day?
