If I had a dollar for every Forum editorial I disagreed with over the years; well, I’d be able to purchase a few of my favorite chai teas at the local coffee dispensaries. 
I readily recall the editorial board endorsing my opponents in several Moorhead elections. 
Ouch! 
Putting that aside, I have also concurred with a wide variety of Forum editorials. 
What really counts is the fact that the editorial/opinion page still exists. 
The publisher, editors, columnists and readers are exchanging valuable perspectives.
Even more important in my view is the other 95% of every local and regional newspaper. 
There you have noteworthy reader benefits found only in local publications. 
Pick your favorite topic: business, high school and college sports, education, cooking, anniversaries, classified ads, weather; the list is long. 
Nowhere else but in The Forum can you find an important local human interest story from Robin Huebner, a delicious new cooking idea from Tracy Briggs, fishing and resort news reported by Mike McFeely, or complete Bison game day coverage.
These are difficult times for local and regional newspapers. 
Advertising revenues have diminished, while cable news and Internet publications provide intense competition. 
Never has there been a more critical time for citizens to step up to support the local newspapers in every community.
The Forum had to cut back on print editions while imposing a fee for digital subscriptions. 
Some people grumbled about paying for local online news. 
Come on! 
Assembling a daily newspaper requires significant investments of staff and financial resources. 
For the price of a couple of chai teas each month, I get daily online access to both InForum and full pages of the printed Forum. 
That is way more than a bargain. 
Check the current cost of admission to a movie or the price of a back row seat at a Bluestem concert.
Please subscribe to and support your local and regional newspapers. 
They are fundamental community resources, an historic component of American culture that must be protected and preserved, now more than ever.
For many folks in our region, Minnesota State University Moorhead theater and arts programs have long been the public face of the college. 
It is sad to embrace summer without Straw Hat Players. 
It has been an important training ground for theatre students, providing them with experience in all aspects of production, and has provided our community with quality, live entertainment from the best musicals and plays.
We lived a few blocks from Moorhead State in the mid-1960s and often walked over to Weld Hall Auditorium to take in Straw Hat shows. 
There was no air conditioning and some of the side windows were open. 
One hot, still evening, at exactly the wrong theatrical moment, a train sped through town a few blocks away with its horn blaring. 
The actors paused. 
It sounded like it was coming through the building. 
MSUM theater has come a long way since those days and it remains a vital local treasure.
Make your voices heard. 
Theater arts are fundamental community resources, an historic component of American culture that must be protected and preserved, now more than ever.
