“There’s no country that presents a broader, more comprehensive threat to America’s innovation, to our economic security and to our democratic ideas than China does.” - FBI Director Christopher Wray.
Contrary to Wray, Joe Biden is on the record stating: ”a rising China is a positive, positive development.” 
At a rally in Iowa, Biden opined, “China is going to eat our lunch? Come on man! I mean, you know, they’re not bad folks, folks. But guess what, they’re not competition for us.”
Voters are legitimately questioning why Joe Biden is so enthusiastically supportive of China. 
They have all witnessed Chinese Communist despots vowing to overtake the USA as the world’s No. 1 superpower.
Some answers are emerging. 
A new video documentary, ‘Riding The Dragon, The Bidens’ Chinese Secrets,’ details disturbing allegations of Biden leveraging his status while vice president to enrich his family through financial dealings with the Chinese Communists.
The allegations begin with then Vice President Biden and son Hunter arriving in China on Air Force 2 in 2013. 
Joe engaged in diplomatic duties while Hunter disappeared. 
Ten days after arriving back in the U.S., Hunter’s small investment firm, Rosemont Seneca Partners, announced a $1 billion private equity deal with the Bohai Industrial Investment Fund. 
Out of nowhere Hunter was awarded a 10% equity stake in the new company. 
The cash allegedly came straight from the Chinese Communist government. 
Hunter had no background in finance, private equity or China.
In 2014, VP Joe Biden was designated point man by President Obama for the troubled country of Ukraine. 
Just weeks later, Hunter Biden was placed on the board of a corrupt Ukrainian energy company, Burisma. 
Again, Hunter had no background in energy or Ukraine, yet out of nowhere was astonishingly compensated with $1 million per year.
In December 2014, Hunter’s company became an anchor investor in China General Nuclear, a Chinese company long under FBI investigation for stealing United States nuclear secrets. 
Later, in 2015, Hunter’s company joined forces with the Chinese military contractor AVIC to buy American parts manufacturer Henniges Automotive. 
Henniges had developed dual-use technology valuable for military applications. 
AVIC had a history of stealing American technology to build Chinese Communist fighter jets.
Another Hunter Biden business, Rosemont Realty, allegedly cut deals with Gemini Investments Limited, a Chinese company with ties to the Chinese military. 
Records indicate Rosemont played up the Vice President Biden connection. 
In August 2015, Gemini bought a ¾ stake in Hunter’s firm, a multi-billion dollar deal.
Voters are legitimately questioning how Biden’s son, despite having no marketable business skills or experience, amazingly cultivated multi-million dollar financial deals with companies very close to Chinese Communist despots and corrupt Ukraine officials, some with potentially dangerous consequences for national security.
In light of Wray’s grave warnings about Chinese Communist threats, solid evidence indicates huge sums of questionable China cash can be traced directly into the prominent American political family that just happens to be headed by Democrat presidential candidate “lunch bucket Joe.”
