A few thoughts on recent Forum stories and commentaries:
Contrary to invective in a recent Forum opinion column , Rush Limbaugh is regarded as “cruel and divisive” solely by the liberals he has been calling out for decades for their “cruel and divisive” lies.
His autonomous African-American call-screener, Bo Snerdley, has often affirmed that Limbaugh is clearly not a racist, homophobe or any of the other negative Democrat identity labels some Forum columnists repeat like trained political parrots.
Tirelessly defending our Constitution and the rule-of-law against socialist utopians, no recipient of the Medal of Freedom has been more deserving than Rush.
More “Trump derangement” jumps out of another Forum opinion column . 
This time, bringing home 12,000 American troops from Germany is included on a nonsensical list of “frightening assaults on our democracy, Constitution, national security, and American values.”
My German brother Arnd would double over with laughter reading: “Removing troops from Germany is a present to Russian President Putin.” 
I first met Arnd in 1961 when I lived with his family in Essen, Germany. 
He would applaud all foreign troops leaving his country 75 years after the war. 
Be assured readers, Putin invading Germany receives a swift and fatal American response.
Also be reassured that military and CIA officials found no evidence of Russian “bounties” for killing American troops; yet another debunked media lie shamelessly propagated by a Trump-hating columnist.
Like clockwork, a Black Lives Matter activist again succeeded in making the front page of The Forum and grabbing the lead on TV news. 
How? 
A police officer had the audacity to pull her over for doing 44 in a 30.
Understand, when employed as a Marxist Black Lives Matter organizer in Fargo-Moorhead-West Fargo, your assignment is to gin up stories designed to harm local law enforcement. 
In 2020, BLM receives front-page coverage every time.
The organizer alleged officers “illegally” shined a flashlight into her car and pulled on her door handle, making her “scream.” 
Quoted in The Forum: “I have to stay on my phone. I fear for my life.” 
Fortunately, the police dashcam video and voice recording clearly showed the police officers spoke and acted properly, and nothing occurred that could even remotely generate fear of death in a rational adult.
Nevertheless, straight from the Black Lives Matter anti-police playbook, she quickly summoned eager local reporters to claim that police officers, on busy Eighth Street by Concordia College, in broad daylight, “targeted” her for displaying BLM insignia while driving 14 mph over the speed limit, putting her in deep fear for her very life! 
Front-page.
The Obama-Biden administration diminished the United States domestically and internationally by fueling racial division, supporting phony attacks on police, killing the economy, underfunding the military, and guaranteeing nuclear weapons for “death to America” tyrants in Iran.
When re-elected, President Trump will continue negating the Obama-Biden damage and complete the task of “restoring honor and competence to the White House.”
Sadly, Marxist Black Lives Matter protesters and Antifa terrorists will interpret a Trump win as authorization to make their Minneapolis riots and destruction look like kids-play.
