Trump-hating Forum columnists and letter writers, echoing their MSNBC/CNN media gurus, are demanding that President Trump and 73 million supporters concede the election. 
“Biden won fair and square. There’s zero evidence of fraud. It’s time for us to unite!”
Sure! 
Trump supporters should kindheartedly unite with the hateful people that ginned up phony Russia collusion and impeachment hoaxes, conducted illegal FBI spying on the Trump presidency, never conceded Trump won in 2016, and now promise to fundamentally change America. 
“Come on, man!” Seventy-three million Trump voters will never “unite” with the likes of the miscreants that spent four years inventing deranged plots to destroy Trump.
As for a “fair and square” election win, 2,000 jurisdictions in 30 states used Dominion Voting Systems. 
Texas flatly refused to purchase Dominion when due diligence identified multiple ways it can be exploited. Sens. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., recently warned of potential 'vote switching' by Dominion voting machines. 
PBS broadcast an alarming expose of Dominion wherein software experts outlined specific built-in features for undetected hacking and vote manipulation.
Dominion uses Smartmatic software, owned in part by Venezuelans close to dictator Nicolas Maduro. 
Smartmatic was first developed by Hugo Chavez to – wait for it - secretly steal elections. 
In Michigan, Smartmatic incorrectly gave 6,000 votes to Biden before county election officials caught the error. 
There are Smartmatic glitches in Georgia. 
How many other so-called “errors” were not caught nationwide? 
Get this: Smartmatic Board Chair Peter Neffenger is a member of Joe Biden’s transition team.
Leftist Forum columnists and letter writers will assuredly respond with: “It’s all just another kooky right-wing conspiracy theory!” 
So far the “conspiracy” includes over 1,000 sworn affidavits being submitted to the courts, under penalty of perjury, providing graphic details of significant election fraud in numerous states. 
Trump attorneys Jenna Ellis and Sidney Powell have uncovered “massive evidence” of fraud to be transparently revealed in pending court filings around the nation.
Sounds promising, but most Trump supporters are not fooling themselves into believing a “fair and square” deep-state outcome will be forthcoming. 
One unlikely long shot emerges if the inability to accurately certify legal votes becomes so widespread that neither candidate can be declared the winner. 
In such cases, our Constitution provides for the U.S House of Representatives to select the president. 
Each state delegation gets one vote. 
There are more states with Republican majority delegations than Democrat. 
Don’t hold your breath!
That the United States of America cannot design a 100% foolproof election system, totally secure from fraudulent manipulation, is truly beyond comprehension. 
This must change. 
Require states to maintain up-to-date voter rolls. 
Use only paper ballots at the polls or mailed to specific voters upon request. 
Verify signatures. 
Issue every voter a photo identification card like those used to buy liquor, drive a vehicle, or board an airplane. 
A 100% accurate outcome on Election Day would be assured every time.
Why was this not done in 2020? 
Easy. 
Which presidential candidate had to be elected by any means, at any cost? Therein lies your answer.
