Mainstream media journalists and pollsters predicted a “blue wave” across America, sweeping Joe Biden into the White House by an enormous margin, giving Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., a commanding majority in the House, and taking firm Democrat control of the Senate. 
This “blue wave” tsunami was projected to place progressives decisively in one-party control of government and our very lives for years to come.
One slight problem: The forecasts were phony liberal efforts to suppress Republican votes and there was never going to be a “blue wave.” 
At the deadline for submitting this column, Republicans have held the Senate, Pelosi has lost Democrat seats in the House, and the presidency is too close to call. 
Sham pollsters and pseudo journalists weren’t even close!
In the great tradition of American patriots, tens of millions of American voters stood tall on the brink of a dark utopian chasm and defiantly shouted: “We will not hand over our liberty and freedom to left-wing progressives! Not on our watch!”
Lawsuits will likely hold up declaring a presidential winner past publishing this column, but here is what we know:
If President Donald J. Trump prevails, he will lead our country back into the unparalleled prosperity he orchestrated prior to the Chinese virus attack. 
Middle class families will enjoy more tax breaks and higher incomes while businesses will hire more workers due to reduced government regulation. 
The United States will continue to lead the world in reducing carbon emissions and providing its citizens with the freshest air and purest water on earth. 
America will remain energy independent, veterans will continue receiving their best care ever, and our military will remain strongest in the world.
If Joe Biden prevails, he will attempt to implement the Sanders-Harris “Unity Manifesto” that calls for the socialism of an all-inclusive American welfare state, with virtually every need a right, and every right assured by suffocating taxpayer funding. 
Democrats have promised to “fundamentally change” your liberty and freedom starting on day one.
Biden has a significant problem. 
Corroborated now beyond any doubt by whistleblower and former Hunter Biden business partner Tony Bobulinski, he was deeply involved with shady family financial deals with Chinese Communist despots and other governments. 
There is solid evidence that he used his influence as vice president to enrich his family. 
Biden is at certain risk for Chinese Communist extortion and blackmail. 
He may not even qualify for a top-secret security clearance.
Revisiting predictions in my previous columns, the Chinese extortion threat would be resolved by transferring the presidency to Kamala Harris, an ultra-progressive left-wing Bernie Sanders radical, the Democrats’ preferred candidate from the get-go.
Readers, it is time to demand: “enough is enough!” 
Good Americans have been senselessly hypnotized by a progressive mainstream media cult, not unlike in some banana republic, being carefully managed on what they are allowed to think and say. 
Balanced journalism no longer exists in America.
Our constitutional republic’s survival depends on accurate, nonpartisan journalism. 
Fair reporting “on our watch” must be restored if we are to endure as a nation.
