Ask any Trump-hater: What precisely proves accusations President Trump is a racist and white supremacist? 
Invariably it rests on two primary lies ginned up by mainstream Democratic media. 
These lies have been repeated so often by sources readers trust, including Forum columnists, that they have become ingrained as absolute fact in the minds of many otherwise clear thinking people.
Trump called all Mexicans “criminals, drug dealers and rapists.” 
Tapes and transcripts of his actual remarks make clear he was referring specifically to members of criminal Mexican cartels, certainly not all Mexicans. 
These vicious criminals traffic drugs and teenage sex slaves virtually unimpeded across wide-open southern borders. 
Vowing to stop Mexican criminals is not racist.
Following the infamous Charlottesville white nationalist riot, Trump called white supremacists “very fine people.” 
This blatant lie has become the heart of hateful anti-Trump “liberal speak,” repeated incessantly on mainstream media and in Forum letters and opinion columns. 
Joe Biden shamefully used it in his dishonest acceptance speech.
Tapes and transcripts documenting the Charlottesville riot clearly show President Trump stated: “Racism is evil. 
Those who caused violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Trump also stated: “And you had people – and I’m not talking about the neo-Nazis and white nationalists – because they should be condemned totally - but you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists . . . that were very fine people, on both sides.” 
Maliciously twisted by Trump-haters, he was accurately noting some ordinary citizens also showed up at the rally to peacefully protest removing historical statutes, both pro and con. 
He absolutely did not call the white supremacists “very fine people.”
It never ends. 
Following the presidential debate, Democratic media proclaimed: “President Trump refused to condemn white supremacists.” 
Harangued by the liberal press for not satisfying exactly what they wanted to hear, he later stated: “I’ve said it many times, and let me be clear again: I condemn the Ku Klux Klan. I condemn all white supremacists.”
President Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, her husband and children are Jewish. 
Would they not reject a white supremacist? 
Trump led the passage of historic legislation that has freed numerous incarcerated people of color, including Alice Johnson, the African American woman he pardoned. 
His “opportunity zones” have lifted up many people of color in large cities. 
He has provided more government financial aid to Black colleges than Obama. 
A racist?
More lies: Forum columnists Shaw, Brickner and others continue to shamefully distress families of veterans by publishing the despicable anonymous lie that President Trump called our fallen soldiers “losers and suckers.” 
It never happened. 
Every person present when it was alleged to have been said has denounced it as a hoax, including Trump-hater John Bolton.
Capriciously branding President Donald J. Trump a racist, a white supremacist, and a disparager of veterans is incredibly despicable, disgraceful, and just plain ignorant!
