The Blue Angels are returning on July 24 and 25!
It’s a homecoming. 
Flight leader Cmdr. Brian C. Kesselring of the U.S. Navy is one of our own, a North Dakota native and Concordia College graduate.
“Boss” Kesselring and his team will be flying the advanced F/A-18E Super Hornet, performing incredibly precise flight demonstrations, once again showcasing the professionalism, excellence and teamwork of Navy and Marine Corps pilots.
In addition, the Air Combat Command F-16 Viper Demonstration Team from Shaw Air Force Base of South Carolina will perform precision maneuvers to demonstrate the capabilities of one of the U.S. Air Force’s premiere multi-role fighters, the F-16 Fighting Falcon.
You’ll need your earplugs when the Shockwave Jet Truck blasts down the runway with 21,000 pounds of thrust, easily reaching speeds over 350 mph. 
Performing amazing aerobatics will be the RAD Aerosports Jet Waco, the YAK 110, Tom Larkin’s Mini Jet, Lucas Oil Airshows, and Jacquie B Airshows. 
(Details at fargoairsho.com )
Each day the U.S. Navy Leap Frogs will skydive in with our American Flag. 
On the tarmac will be an extensive array of static displays, including advanced military aircraft and the commemorative Red Tail Rise Above Exhibit.
Your Fargo AirSho is a nonprofit organization of 70+ volunteer members that have been producing award-winning events for more than 30 years. 
The show has evolved into a million dollar production that brings over 30,000 fans from all over the U.S. and Canada to Hector International Airport. 
Your support for the show has allowed the committee to make more than $500,000 in contributions to area organizations, including over $250,000 to the Fargo Air Museum.
Dedicated volunteer committee members and community-oriented business sponsors have worked tirelessly to make the Fargo AirSho among the finest in the nation. 
There are too many individuals and companies to mention, but devoted friends, neighbors and businesses have dedicated countless hours to bringing world-class aviators and aircraft to our region. 
Our show has become a top choice “must be there” venue for both military and civilian performers.
Many of our committee and subcommittee leaders have become major players in nationwide air show circles and are regularly called on for advice and mentoring by other show organizers. 
Among the many committee assignments: Static displays, performers, concessions and food service, transportation, volunteer workers, gate management, website and social media, advertising, tickets, chalet sales, marketing, financials, lodging, operations (carts, tents, bathrooms), parking, and law enforcement - along with critical Air Guard, Air Museum and Hector International Airport support – the event is just that complex!
A bit of history: The US Air Force Thunderbirds have performed in our AirSho twice, the Canadian Snowbirds once, and the Blue Angels 11 times. 
In 2009, we were honored with the Blue Angels "superior" rating and awarded their “Show of the Year."
Get out your summer calendar. 
As you plan trips, lake time, and family reunions, act now to arrange your calendar around AirSho weekend, July 24-25. 
Go to fargoairsho.com today to purchase advance tickets for the entire family. 
See you in July!
