President Biden’s United Nations ambassador, Linda Thomas-Greenfield, smeared America in remarks to Communist China, North Korea, Cuba and Venezuela: “The original sin of slavery weaved white supremacy into our founding documents. We have to acknowledge that we are an imperfect union — and have been since the beginning.”
Biden obediently recited similar slander placed on his teleprompter by progressive handlers following the Chauvin trial: “It ripped the blinders off for the whole world to see the systemic racism that is a stain on our nation’s soul.”
Biden’s misinformation writers intentionally ignored factual crime data that consistently disprove claims of a “system” of racism “staining” the “entire body” of law enforcement and “our nation’s soul.” 
Sadly, these degrading anti-American lies have gifted despotic tyrants a rich propaganda resource.
Worse, Biden has instructed schools across the nation to program our children with “critical race theory,” evil racist rubbish that teaches white kids to hate themselves for being born white. 
Many school children are being taught to hate police, the National Anthem, and the American Flag.
Biden’s authoritarian handlers presume you will be easily distracted from their roadmap for permanent progressive rule. 
Susan Rice, Valerie Jarrett, Vice President Kamala Harris and Jill Biden are behind the curtain pulling the levers for rapid progressive change while diverting your attention by chanting their statistically unfounded mantra: “systemically racist America.”
They are deliberately dividing us by race and identity, fashioning cohorts of “needy victims” based on their contrived “systemic racism” narrative that has no definable threshold. 
They employ race-baiting tactics to scare us into silence. 
They need us afraid of challenging their lies, deeply fearful of being publicly labeled racists, perhaps losing our jobs and future opportunities. 
Meanwhile, they strive to forever diminish our liberty with actions leading to permanent Democrat control like packing the Supreme Court and federalizing elections.
In 1776, Thomas Paine wrote: “These are the times that try men’s souls. The summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of their country; but he that stands by it now deserves the love and thanks of man and woman.”
In 2021, America faces another crisis for which it cannot abide “summer soldiers and sunshine patriots.” 
Our very culture is under tyrannical threat. 
Like 1776, it is a matter of who will hold power. 
Will it be money-hungry NBA executives beholding to Communist China, globalist tech oligarchs, the leftist radicals dominating our colleges and universities, a fundamentally anti-American mainstream media, or will it be us, a great multi-ethnic people that twice elected a Black President, a non-racist free people who care not for power but for the America we love.
Biden’s authoritarian handlers are attempting to “transform” our great thriving capitalist, multi-ethnic democratic republic into one party socialist rule. 
God-fearing, law-abiding, clear-thinking Americans of all ethnicities are resisting, “standing by” our two-party political system, free speech, defined borders, shared values, and equal justice under the law.
“In this crisis,” the majority of Americans will “stand by” their God-given Constitutional rights, repudiating the moribund hostage president and his Marxist captors.
