Our parents were traditional Illinois Republicans. 
Dad was a Eureka College friend of “Dutch” Reagan, his sister’s Eureka classmate. 
A condolence letter arrived from the White House when Dad passed.
Notwithstanding those deep family roots, I never joined a political party. 
Eons ago the iconic black and white poster photo of former President John F. Kennedy and Robert Kennedy occupied my apartment wall.
I remember a college professor suggesting Democrats and Republicans are like two bottles of the same wine, just with different labels. 
My experience has been that Republican wine consistently tastes exactly like Democrat wine and seldom the opposite.
When Republicans owned Congress early in Donald Trump ’s presidency, they failed to deliver on key promises to serious Republican voters. 
Obamacare was not repealed. 
Zero was put towards secure border wall funding. 
Sanctuary cities harboring illegal immigrants were funded like clockwork. 
Planned Parenthood baby executioners, oh, they got their usual taxpayer sustenance. 
Any question why Republicans lost the House of Representatives in 2018?
Today, Republicans are haplessly wandering around while indelibly-focused American Marxists build one party rule. 
Where are efforts to stop the economy-killing Green New Deal? 
Where are resolutions to impeach the miserably-failed authoritarian President Joe Biden ? 
The leftist Democrat agenda could be significantly thwarted if big-shot Republicans pontificating on television every day actually mounted a unified stand.
Antiquated Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell will never confront his “old friend and colleague” Joe. 
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy has not effectively organized unified Republican opposition. 
On Sept. 11, Michelle Obama’s “besty buddy,” former President George W. Bush, shamefully recited a leftist-like Trump supporter attack narrative on the sacred grounds of our Flight 93 National Memorial.
America is $23+ trillion in debt. 
House Speaker Pelosi is promising outrageously higher taxes. 
With rapid inflation there is danger of nationwide financial collapse. 
America is overrun by millions of illegal immigrants including unknown numbers of Islamic terrorists. 
It is not “if” but “when” the next homeland terrorist attacks occur and, listen-up Trump-deranged Democrats, not by your make-believe white supremacists!
Who will save our Republic? 
Certainly not the dementia patient squinting to read authoritarian rhetoric placed on his White House teleprompter.
If Republicans fail to advance a unified conservative platform, their core voters will again search for alternatives. 
Have they forgotten why Trump was elected? 
Following his Afghanistan debacle, Biden lost significant support among Democrats and Independents. 
Now is the time to act before those voters, showered with non-stop Democrat mainstream media progressive propaganda, submit again to the siren call of the Democrats’ utopian fantasy.
Deeply-embedded progressives control American education, big business, mainstream media, big tech, and now even the military. 
Bernie Sanders brand socialists and communists are steadily winning more elected elements of the federal government. 
They already own the entrenched leftist federal workforce minions that everyone knows run the country. 
Big-shot Republicans meanwhile are too preoccupied checking their makeup for another innocuous television appearance.
The professor had it right. 
It’s the same wine with different labels. 
Perilously, the wine has aged into rancid vinegar and our exceptional Constitutional Republic is swaying slowly back and forth in the vapors.
