Several hundred thousand law-abiding Americans, including families, traveled to Washington, D.C., to take part in peaceful protest. 
Tragically, a mob of domestic terrorists intentionally hijacked the peaceful gathering by invading our sacred Capitol. 
Abandoning basic common sense, hundreds of protesters joined them and became criminal seditionists.
Photos and first-hand accounts identified known ultra right-wing extremist lunatics. 
Over 200 intruders have been arrested. 
Some were identified as Black Lives Matter activists, including John Earle Sullivan. 
What was he doing in the Capitol?
Most of the 2,300 Capitol police were dangerously absent despite receiving prior FBI intelligence of a likely attack by extremists. 
Terrorists were observed assembling near the Capitol with body armor and riot tools like those used last year in the attack on the White House by left-wing Antifa and BLM rioters. (That day Secret Service agents were forced to shelter President Trump in a bunker.)
The seditionists murdered a police officer and damaged revered national treasures. 
One invader was shot and killed. 
Both tragic deaths are on the hands of every criminal that broke into the Capitol. 
They succeeded in dishonoring multiple thousands of law-abiding protestors. 
There is no basis whatsoever for transferring blame for their stupid felonious acts to anyone. 
Crossing lines onto restricted Capitol grounds: disorderly conduct and trespassing. 
Invading the Capitol: domestic terrorism, sedition, and treason. 
Maximum punishment!
Paths to national unity
Immediately restore free speech rights to Americans maliciously banned from social media by despotic leftist corporations. 
The First Amendment is being destroyed!
Seventy-five million voters need definitive proof the 2020 election was valid. 
Appoint an election commission tasked with investigating every aspect, including irregular actions of appointed and elected officials that allegedly circumvented state laws and constitutions. 
Examine every sworn affidavit alleging fraud for factual proof. 
Determine why courts arbitrarily refused to consider the “merits” of election challenges. 
Provide guidance to state legislatures to ensure identified fraudulent voting never reoccurs. 
Americans of every political stripe and opinion could unite around assurance that only legal ballots will decide future state and federal elections.
Complete Special Counsel John Durham’s investigation into illegal Obama Administration spying on the Trump campaign and presidency. 
Malicious origins of the Russia collusion hoax must be adjudicated so measures can be implemented to ensure top government officials never again circumvent the rule of law. 
Criminal prosecutions completed, Americans of every political stripe and opinion could unite knowing justice has prevailed.
Expedite current FBI criminal investigations of Hunter Biden and Biden family members accused of leveraging the office of vice president to create family wealth. 
If the Department of Justice determines Joe and family did not act illegally, Americans of every political stripe and opinion could ease their fears of Chinese Communists blackmail.
Assure Americans of no moves toward statehood for the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. 
Pledge no action to enlarge the Supreme Court and pack it with leftist activists.
Biden opponents will never “go along to get along.” 
Paths to national unity will be paved with sincere efforts to unite Americans, not more political theater.
