Residents of Texas border towns say life has become like the lawless Wild West. 
Illegal immigrants, including MS-13 gang members and known terrorists, regularly break into their homes and barns. 
Local and state police are demoralized and overwhelmed. 
Residents are left to defend themselves and their property.
Alison Anderson regularly engages in armed encounters with illegal immigrants trespassing on her Texas ranch. 
She protects herself and three little girls with a handgun. 
No one leaves home without a firearm.
President Joseph Biden unquestionably incited an invasion of illegal immigrants, promising: “No one is going to be deported in my first 100 days.“ 
Accepting Biden’s invitation, foreign nationals from Central America, Europe, Africa, India and the Middle East have flooded our southern border, entering at will.
Biden encouraged the invasion by revoking President Trump’s successful border policy forcing asylum seekers to wait in Mexico until their cases are heard. 
He also opened pathways through which illegals now freely stream by smugly halting construction of Trump’s funded border walls.
Biden’s disastrous open border policy has triggered an historic humanitarian crisis. Millions of illegal immigrants are being hurriedly processed and released, bussed and flown all over America at taxpayers’ expense. 
Most of these lawbreakers never appear for asylum court appearances. 
Primarily unvaccinated, illegal immigrants are now by far America’s largest COVID-19 super-spreaders.
Federal officials have logged more than 1.1 million apprehensions of illegals at the Mexican border so far this year, not counting thousands of “get-a-ways,” mostly sex traffickers and drug smugglers. 
Federal officials estimate 2 million more illegal entries in the next 12 months, and at least 7 million more during Biden’s term, most to be released into our country. 
Meanwhile, waiting frustrated in the wings are millions of honest, worthy immigrants that legally applied for coveted American citizenship.
There are seemingly no limits on Biden’s outright lawlessness. 
He is now preoccupied with disobeying a lawful Supreme Court order ending the eviction moratorium. 
Vice President Harris is focused on her pointless upcoming visit to Hanoi. 
Unchecked chaos on the border, defiance of the Supreme Court; anarchy reigns in the Biden White House.
That leads to the operative question: Why would Biden purposely incite and encourage an unlawful, humanitarian border disaster? 
Experienced political observers can only conclude that Biden’s leftist handlers are counting on multiple millions of illegal immigrants becoming dependent on big liberal government, then illegally voting (no voter IDs) for Democrat candidates.
Packing the country with sure supporters enables authoritarian Democrats to further advance their stated goal of thwarting Republicans from ever again gaining majorities in Congress or winning the presidency.
Biden swore to support and defend the Constitution and to uphold all of our laws. 
Forswearing that pledge, he has intentionally chosen to allow millions of lawbreakers to violate vital federal laws that strictly regulate entry of non-citizens. 
He has intentionally defied a lawful ruling of the Supreme Court.
Contact your Congressional delegations today. 
Biden must be impeached, convicted and immediately removed from office for dereliction of duty and inciting crimes against the American people.
