On a January flight to Seattle, about 35,000 feet above Mother Earth, I realized I was looking down on my own hometown.
The giveaway landmark was Hector International Airport runway 18/36. 
Meandering lines of trees roughly marked a difficult-to-detect frozen river in the middle of a collection of homes and businesses. 
Flat white earth, dotted with a farm here and there, stretched to the four horizons.
From that lofty vantage point, fellow travelers observed a medium-size city somewhere west of Minneapolis. 
I saw four cities, two counties, two states and two federal districts.
Fargo, Moorhead, West Fargo, Dilworth, and Cass and Clay Counties have always been welcoming and inclusive models of cooperation and unity. 
The Metropolitan Council of Governments has engaged in region-wide transportation planning for well over 50 years. 
Our law enforcement agencies and fire departments have been backing up each other for decades. 
Central dispatching of first responders goes back many years.
In 1998, Fargo and Moorhead Chambers of Commerce leaders sat down to discuss having so many members inefficiently paying two sets of fees for similar services. 
The Fargo Moorhead Chamber was born, only the second to span two cities in two states. 
(The West Fargo Chamber merged in 2010.)
Honored to serve as the first F-M Chamber Board Chair, my immediate personal objective was to convince the North Dakota and Minnesota Departments of Transportation to abandon their upcoming plan to mill and overlay the narrow, sorely-outdated Main Avenue bridge between Fargo and Moorhead in favor of building an entirely new, safe, properly-sized intercity bridge. 
They deliberated and agreed, resulting in the construction of our iconic Veterans’ Bridge, a symbol of local unity.
Repetitive floods jeopardized the Trollwood Performing Arts School in north Fargo. 
The city of Moorhead and state of Minnesota, in unity with the Fargo School District, developed a new Trollwood Performing Arts School home in Moorhead’s Bluestem Park. 
Generous financial support from patrons and businesses — along with countless community volunteer hours — have sustained in Moorhead, Minn. a significant Fargo, N.D. School District resource that benefits our entire region.
In 2000, the cities of Fargo and Moorhead jointly earned coveted All-America City status. 
Readers can add many more examples of local unity from their own experiences – athletics, education, business, healthcare, religion and the AirSho. 
Local unity is not some forgotten element of our past; it continues today and will remain tomorrow.
Most importantly, “identities” like race, religion, sexual orientation and political affiliation were never in play. 
Today, well over 200,000 individuals, each with unique God-given talents and abilities, continue to measure each other solely by performance and the content of our character. 
We learn, serve and cooperate by freely applying individual initiative, fully enabled by American capitalism, with limited government interference, in a welcoming and inclusive manner.
It would be great if somehow we could display the beauty of our systemic local unity to travelers passing 35,000 feet above every day. 
All Americans must endeavor to perpetuate the unity that, like ours, has always flourished in their own hometowns.
