The authoritarian left is on the march. 
Their standard-bearer, Joseph Biden, is submissively leading them down their calculated course to “fundamentally transform” America.
President Biden signed an unprecedented assortment of their ultra-progressive executive orders, including canceling the Keystone XL pipeline, allowing biological boys to compete in biological girls athletics, and opening our southern border for unimpeded criminal Mexican cartel drug running and human trafficking. 
The verbiage in these authoritarian orders was designed by progressive ideologues to circumvent Congress. 
Cognitively-impaired Biden has marginal understanding of their devastating impact on America.
The leftists’ challenge is to divert your attention away from their radical dictates in order to curtail common sense Constitutional responses. 
Their diversionary “red herring” or “shiny object” is a brand new hoax that connects the little band of eccentric nitwits that led the unarmed Capitol intrusion with 75 million Trump voters, cataloguing them all as “dangerous white supremacist terrorists.” 
Biden breathlessly ordered the Justice and Homeland Security Departments to “deal with the rise of white supremacy,” the “greatest terror threat” to America!
Biden’s hard-left puppeteers, purportedly controlled by the infamous Susan Rice, intend to convince you that 75 million “deplorables” - of multiple races - are “dangerous white supremacists” waiting for orders from Donald Trump to launch a massive “domestic terror attack!” 
Shameless House Speaker Nancy Pelosi theatrically erected a disgraceful banana republic razor wire fence around our Capitol, patrolled by bored National Guard troops, ostensibly positioned to repel the imminent “white supremacist” insurrection.
Leftists fabricated the “white supremacy” red herring hoax in part because it reinforces spreading “critical race theory,” a hateful racist orthodoxy that censures and degrades every individual God gave “white” skin. 
The hoax also redirects mainstream media attention once again to the “shiny object” of obsessive, unjustified hate for Trump while hiding our real “greatest” public safety “threat” - authoritarian transformation of America.
Columnist Bill O’Reilly searched for concrete evidence of “the threat of white supremacy.” 
He found the Department of Justice filed 5 “white supremacists” criminal cases in 2020, charging 14 individuals. 
He also located 2020 state statistics - 50 states, 330 million citizens – listing three total prosecutions tied to white supremacy!
At the same time in 2020, thousands of leftist Antifa/BLM rioters were identified and arrested for looting and burning thousands of buildings in multiple cities and violently attacking the White House. 
Far removed from any perceptible measure of “white supremacy,” citizens of multiple races were being deprived and killed in numerous Democrat governed cities. 
In Chicago, thousands of minority gang members have been shot and killed by other minority gang members. 
Rapes and murders are shattering all-time records in New York City. 
San Francisco is nearly unlivable under authoritarian leftist governance.
The good news is rational Americans will steadfastly resist and withstand being diverted from reality by the preposterous “white supremacy terrorist” hoax. 
Clear thinking citizens of all races can plainly see this is yet another treacherous lie fabricated by the authoritarian left in their unrelenting quest to gain unchallenged, unlimited, permanent single-party socialist rule over America.
