" Liar-in-chief is loser-in-chief ” was a disgusting assault by Jack Zaleski on millions of Americans. 
“Despite caterwauling goons in the street, and craven Republicans who continue to enable Trump’s humbug, there is no evidence the election was stolen. Among sane people, the outcome is not in doubt.”
Translation: 75 million Trump voters, street-hoodlums, are without one shred of evidence the election was stolen. 
Hundreds of cowardly Republicans that filed civil fraud affidavits in multiple courts, detailing first-hand evidence of election dishonesty, under penalty of imprisonment for perjury, are not sane people.
Humbug indeed! 
Web and media searches lead to an abundance of credible evidence of election fraud. 
Consider just two pertinent illustrations offered in sworn testimony before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.
Attorney Jesse Binnall researched Nevada election results. 
He testified that over 42,000 people voted more than once. 
At least 1,500 dead people recorded votes. 
More than 19,000 people voted even though they were not Nevada residents. 
About 8,000 people voted from non-existent addresses. 
Over 15,000 votes were cast from vacant addresses, even casino lobbies. 
Almost 4,000 non-Americans voted.
Zaleski wants you to believe that Electoral College votes cast for Biden in Nevada were pure as the driven snow. 
Perhaps all 89,500 fraudulent ballots were for Trump. 
That’s it. Biden won fair and square . 
No evidence here that the Nevada election was stolen. 
Nothing to see; move along you insane people.
Former Wisconsin judge James Troupis testified: “We have to acknowledge that the court system has been deeply intimidated by the left, just as the lawyers have been intimidated, and that’s a sad, sad state of affairs.” 
He noted most prominent law firms refused to participate in the multiple election fraud lawsuits due to a fear of retaliation by the left. 
Virtually every major law firm in the country refused to represent the President, “not because of the lack of merit in his claims—we’ve certainly demonstrated that there’s merit— but because of the cancel culture.” (My emphasis)
This sworn testimony has been amply reinforced by credible evidence from election-worker whistleblowers, non-partisan election statistics experts, Constitutional scholars and multiple state legislators. 
They have provided evidence that a significant proportion of ballots cast and counted in battleground states, including Pennsylvania, Michigan and Georgia, were done under highly irregular and in some cases outright fraudulent circumstances. 
(Epoch Times, Just the News)
While Zaleski was venting his unhinged hate for “Trump vassals,” a Rasmussen Reports national telephone and online survey found just 56% of Likely U.S. Voters feel that Biden is their president. 
Thirty-four percent say he is not, while 10% are not sure. 
Combined, 44% of likely voters are “doubting” the outcome of this election. 
“Not sane people,” says Zaleski.
The “loser” here, readers, is not President Trump; it’s you, it’s me, it’s our democracy. 
Each fraudulent vote canceled one legal vote. 
We have a Constitutional right for assurance that only lawful votes are counted in every election.
An illegitimate president in the White House will be a stain on our republic that can never be removed.
