County commissions, state legislatures, various courts and forensic historians will eventually complete deep dives into evidence of 2020 election fraud. 
If their work proved beyond question that former President Donald Trump actually won, heated legal debates would ensue, but reclaiming the Presidency would realistically require Trump to win yet another election.
Unfortunately, a small gang of unarmed ignoramuses led a criminal breach of our Capitol, feloniously fantasizing being sent by Trump. 
That incredibly stupid act put up a significant barrier between Trump and the White House. 
Leveraging the highly suspicious, even intentional, failure of Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi to secure the Capitol, President Joe Biden brazenly branded all of Trump’s 75 million voters – Black, White, Hispanic, Asian, Native – every one a “white supremacist - America’s number one terror threat!” Millions of conned Americans buy that idiocy.
Real history will confirm Trump, the total opposite of a white supremacist, implemented a momentous array of valuable advances for Americans of all races, religions and identities. 
Regrettably, his choice of language too often provided Democrats and their media toadies inroads for hateful lies that misrepresented his accomplishments.
Our focus now needs to be on electing a President in 2024 that all Americans can wholeheartedly support. 
That leaves out authoritarian radical Biden. 
Likewise, Americans already understand why Vice President Kamala Harris didn’t even have the elementary qualifications needed to win her home state Democrat primary.
Fortunately, there are unconditionally qualified standout individuals prepared to expertly lead our nation with dignity, intelligence and common sense. 
Sens. Tim Scott and Tom Cotton , former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo , and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis are all strong, proven leaders – poised, articulate and wise — and dedicated to limiting government power while preserving our Constitution.
DeSantis stands out for his masterful leadership throughout the pandemic. 
He followed the real science, kept Florida's children safely in school, assured businesses stayed open and facilitated a bright future for his state.
Pompeo earned his mechanical engineering degree from West Point, graduating at the top of his class. 
He earned his J.D. from Harvard Law School and served with honor and distinction as Congressman, CIA Director and Secretary of State.
Cotton, R-Ark., is a recognized Congressional leader who volunteered for Army infantry officer training after law school and completed combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
He was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, the Combat Infantry Badge, and the Ranger Tab.
Scott, R-S.C., is a strong leader of bringing opportunity to challenged American families. 
His signature legislation creating Opportunity Zones, passed with Trump’s huge 2017 middle class tax reduction, has brought private investment into distressed communities across the country. 
His response to Biden’s State of the Union speech was just the best ever given.
As President, any one of these unconditionally qualified public servants will guarantee an end to the Biden-Harris-Pelosi quest to “fundamentally transform” our nation away from its foundation to single party domination.
Celebrate the Fourth of July tomorrow with deep gratitude and joy for the sure promise of very soon returning full-throttle to America’s time-honored Constitutional principles.
