Forum columnist Jack Zaleski: “ The politicians’ failure to stand for decency was abetted by talk radio provocateurs, including Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh and (on local radio) Scott Hennen. By regurgitating all things Trump, they paved the road that led to the outrage at the U.S. Capitol. 
One local columnist (a former Moorhead councilman) hasn’t had an original thought since he got stoned on Trump’s toxic Kool-aid. 
He, too, is guilty of attempting to legitimize a bilious ideology that stirred the darkest inclinations in the American character.” 
(It’s “council member,” Jack. “Councilman” went out 50 years ago.)
Combining basic common sense with “original thought,” I have detailed the extensive record of positive Trump Administration policy accomplishments that greatly benefited middle class Americans of all races, religions and political ideologies. 
I have recommended non-partisan examination of valid concerns in several states about the 2020 election. 
For that I am being targeted for stirring “the darkest inclinations in the American character” and, along with Sean, Rush, and Scott, “paved the road that led to the outrage at the U.S. Capitol.” 
That, readers, is pure liberal groupthink hogwash!
Self-anointed Judge Zaleski has decreed “guilty” rulings for an honorable long-time public servant and three patriotic broadcasters, each judged culpable for provoking the violent radical fringe lunatic invasion of our Capitol. 
Zaleski’s pompous, irrational bombast is incendiary. 
How many of Zaleski’s local “toxic Kool-aid” leftist fringe minions, buying into his bizarre conspiracy theory about provoking the “outrage at the U.S. Capitol,” could be triggered into harming Scott and me?
Forum columnist and wannabe comedian Tony Bender wrote: “Gosh, wasn’t it hilarious when President Trump ‘joked’ about beating up protesters at his rallies? Wasn’t it great when he encouraged the cops to ‘get rough’ with people? 
Ha-Ha-Ha, he was just kidding around.” 
Readers, this hypocritical rubbish followed Bender’s 2021 forecast column where he predicted: “conservative columnist Mike Hulett is beaten senseless.” 
How many of Bender’s leftist fringe groupies could be triggered into acting on that provocative threat?
Left-wing anarchists and deranged Trump-haters burned 700 businesses to the ground in Minneapolis. 
Antifa/BLM rioters fired commercial fireworks and lasers at police in Portland. 
Left-wing radicals intimidated and assaulted innocent people including the wife of a former Secret Service Agent threatened with rape by Antifa/BLM hoodlums outside the White House. 
Sixty Secret Service agents were injured, some seriously, during an Antifa/BLM insurrectionist assault on the White House that required sheltering the president.
Zaleski and Bender have unrelentingly vilified President Trump and conservative opinion writers but notably not Antifa/BLM anarchists. 
Are they “guilty of attempting to legitimize a bilious ideology that stirred the darkest inclinations in the American character?” 
Did they “pave the road” for the left-wing insurrectionist mob attack on the White House?
Threatening invective and incendiary accusations of culpability for the Capitol invasion have reached a level on this opinion page where forthright conservative contributors have personal safety concerns. 
Readers’ voices are being intentionally silenced by fear of retribution from the leftist anti free speech cancel culture. 
They are the real “provocateurs.”
