Bill O’Reilly recently opined that bitter divisions between traditional Americans and leftist Democrats determined to “transform America” into a one-party socialist state are so deep that an event on the level of an all-out world war or a monumental natural catastrophe would be the only means to ever again unite the American people.

A sensible analyst, O’Reilly sees no way to bind the wounds destroying our republic short of a devastating nuclear winter or the likes of a massive Yellowstone super volcano eruption spewing ash nation-wide, smothering crops, and shutting down power plants. Yikes!

Irrespective of whether Bill’s opinion is justified, we must never stop searching for glimmers of hope for restoring unity. Two well-researched books, if read and discussed with objectivity, would serve as one positive step for gaining political clarity. “Laptop from Hell: Hunter Biden, Big Tech, and the Dirty Secrets the President Tried to Hide” by Miranda Devine and “Rigged: How the Media, Big Tech, and the Democrats Seized Our Elections” by Mollie Hemingway both shine evidence-based light on the corrupt Biden family and significant 2020 election irregularities.

Drug-addled Hunter abandoned his laptop computer at a Delaware repair shop six days before Joe announced his candidacy. Devine details the contents, including dirty Biden family secrets that if known would surely have derailed Joe’s campaign. Instead, Big Tech, Democrat mainstream media and unethical former intelligence agents brazenly ginned up a widely accepted scam claiming the laptop was a fake placed at the repair shop by – wait for it - the Russians!

Then, in an unprecedented exercise of raw political power three weeks before the 2020 election, they successfully hid from voters laptop contents that included corporate documents, emails, text messages, photographs and voice recordings that provided direct evidence of Joe Biden being deeply involved with Hunter and brother Jim in shady financial ventures with Communist China, Ukraine and Russia.

Living a depraved lifestyle of drug addiction, prostitutes and self-produced porn videos, Hunter was incapable of holding a job, let alone being paid millions of dollars by foreign interests from high-powered international business deals. It didn’t matter. Hunter had something of high value to sell—the Biden family name and influence.

Hemingway examines the currently forbidden question: what really happened in the 2020 election? Interviews with campaign officials, reporters, and Supreme Court justices expose the fraud and cynicism behind the Democrats' historic election power-grab. Among irregularities, Democrat operatives exploited the COVID crisis by circumventing state voting laws to open massive opportunities for “mail-in” vote fraud.

Hemingway also documents mainstream Democrat media and Big Tech wielding unprecedented power to smother dissent and erase damning reports about Biden family dishonesty. Polls indicate Joe Biden would not today be progressively stifling Constitutional rights had voters known the truth.

Point of no return? When the truth about Biden family corruption becomes widely understood, and evidence of significant 2020 election irregularities is corroborated, there may still be glimmers of hope that centrist Democrats and Independents will experience epiphanies, repudiate deranged hate, endorse uniform standards of justice, and support returning government to We The People.