According to a recent InForum story, more extreme rain and snowstorms are expected in Minnesota and North Dakota , among other changes that come with an increasingly volatile climate, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
The recent IPCC report predicts continued warming of the globe’s temperature is inevitable and “some changes might be irreversible.”
"Extreme" weather “expectations” are welcome news for hard-core climate change alarmists. 
Watch for their predictably foolish emotional responses: “Unless North Dakota's oil and gas production is curbed, 'extreme rain and snowstorms' will be unleashed on the state.” 
Oh, the humanity!
It's time for a reality check. 
There are mitigating predictions within the IPCC report. 
For example, even if there is more rain in any given location, that doesn’t mean more flooding, and long-term climate change can be a problem but is not an existential threat to humanity. 
Alarmists can’t be happy with those IPCC speculations.
IPCC climate predictions are based on estimates of global warming. 
Their “most likely” disastrous predictions are arbitrarily estimated at 60% to 100% probability, leaving a 0% to 40% probability of no disaster at all. 
Many subjective IPCC predictions have been proven wrong over time.
IPCC’s guesstimates aside, scientists have long known the world’s climate cools and warms over hundreds of thousands of years primarily based on sunlight and natural variables. 
No abnormal trends in hurricanes are occurring. 
There have been no more floods or droughts than normal. 
Reported global death rates from natural disasters have dropped precipitously since the 1960s.
Billions of humans together may have some effect on climate but there is no total consensus or irrefutable proof. 
There is no unquestionable scientific data proving any human influence on weather. 
Contrary to silly unsubstantiated nonsense in a recent InForum climate opinion letter , there is no evidence that the earth is burning, rivers are running low, and people are perishing all around the planet due to climate change.
An estimated 3 billion people do not have reliable energy. 
Their only realistic hope is fossil fuel. 
Can withholding it be morally defensible? 
Communist China, by far the world’s greatest polluter, is building hundreds of coal-fired power plants around the world. 
Alarmists, reveal your plan for stopping those builds.
InForum columnists like Bette Grande who dare to diverge one iota from the politically correct alarmist consensus are arbitrarily dismissed as “climate deniers” and worse. 
Nonsense! 
Sincerely concerned scientists and others need to put aside highly political narratives and join in careful consideration of objective data that might actually prove human influence on climate, if any is ever found.
On June 9, President Joe Biden informed a group of American troops that he had asked their highest-level military leaders for the greatest threats to America. 
Did they respond with the genuine threat of world domination by Communist China or more 9/11-level terrorist attacks? 
Not even close. 
The greatest threats to America identified by Biden’s top generals were climate change and white supremacy. 
You couldn’t make it up!
Extreme security expectations indeed. 
In these dangerous times, America’s safety rests in the hands of Biden and his top military leaders! 
At their hands, “some changes might be irreversible.”
