Rodney S. Scott served as a U.S. Customs and Border Patrol agent for 29 years under five Presidents. 
He rose through the ranks to be named Chief of the Border Patrol, retiring in August.
On Sept. 11, Scott sent an alarming letter to the U.S. Senate, the oversight body for of the Department of Homeland Security . 
He spelled out in graphic detail how, beginning on the day President Joe Biden was inaugurated, he witnessed an “unprecedented shift in border security and immigration policy that created crisis on the border.”
He noted that Director of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas and other Biden administration officials knew full well that dropping all of the successful border control measures put in place over the previous 25 years would result in uncontrollable mass migration.
“Lack of any meaningful effort to secure our borders has led to a national security threat," Scott's letter read. 
"I am sickened by the avoidable and rapid disintegration of what was arguably the most effective border security in our Nation’s history. 
Common sense border security recommendations from experienced career professionals are being ignored and stymied by inexperienced political appointees.”
“The Biden administration’s team at DHS is laser-focused on expediting the flow of migrants into the U.S. and downplaying the significant vulnerability this creates for terrorists, narcotics smugglers, human traffickers and even hostile nations to gain access to our homeland," the letter continued.
“It is my professional assessment that transnational criminal organizations and other more dangerous actors are increasingly exploiting identified border security vulnerabilities. The threats are real and the situation is unsustainable, yet the current administration refuses to take any meaningful action," Scott's letter added.
Scott said his greatest fear is that you, the American public, have not been provided truthful information with which to take action. 
Border Patrol, ICE and DHS employees are eager to expose dishonest Democrat border narratives but Biden’s gag orders prevent them from revealing the truth.
Biden ordered border security work to end. 
Scott noted that contractors are being paid $5 million a day not to complete border walls. 
Thousands of wall panels, hundreds of miles of fiber optic cable and hundreds of cameras sit abandoned along the funded border wall corridor.
Border security is like home security. 
If you don't know who is coming into your home, you have no security. 
Our border is wide open. 
Criminal aliens are freely spreading out within America, including into our region. 
Terrorist threats are real. 
Mexican cartel attackers have fired automatic weapons across the border toward American peace officers. 
Unabated illegal entry into this country negates border security and that negates any semblance of national security.
I asked in August and now again: explain why the President of the United States is initiating and fully enabling an uncontrollable illegal mass invasion of America led by enemy Mexican cartels? 
How can President Biden treasonously sanction a widespread enemy attack on our Democracy and get away with it?
Readers, are you prepared to join Biden in surrendering to this attack on your safety and freedom, the end of American sovereignty? 
When will you be heard? 
No border, no America!
