Former Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe recently revealed U.S. military pilots and satellites have detected and recorded many more unknown objects than have been made public. 
In June, the Defense Department and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence will issue a report on “unidentified aerial phenomena,” including previously unreported sightings.
Ratcliffe said multiple objects engaging in actions that represent “unexplained phenomena” have been witnessed and tracked by Navy and Air Force pilots and have also been picked up by satellite imagery. 
The objects make impossible to replicate movements that we simply don’t have the technology for, and are traveling at speeds that exceed the sound barrier without a sonic boom. 
Multiple sensors are picking up these things, many more than have ever been reported to the public.
Back in the day, all-night radio hosts often featured guests with graphic accounts of UFOs and alien creatures. 
This is different. 
Taped after-action interviews with reliable Navy pilots, for instance, have provided first hand descriptions of unfamiliar objects moving underwater far out at sea, then suddenly at high speeds above the surface. 
Defense Department analysts struggle to find plausible explanations such as weather disturbances or other routine phenomenon. 
They tend to default to questioning whether our adversaries have technologies that are much farther advanced than we ever imagined.
Without being specific, Ratcliffe seemed to limit his speculation to: 1) Incredible technologies have indeed been developed somewhere on planet earth that far exceed mankind’s previously known capabilities for propulsion, speed and movement, or 2) These things are not of planet earth.
I once viewed a spectacular presentation of deep space photos identified as near the edge of the known universe. 
Breathtakingly colorful masses of solids and gases are so far away in “light years” that we have no way to fully grasp the distance. 
No one on planet earth knows if places with life in various forms exist in those photos, perhaps advanced well beyond the likes of you and me.
People of faith often comfort those that have lost loved ones with observations like “Grandma is looking down and is so proud of you.” 
That is based on sincere belief that Grandma’s soul traveled to a place the faithful call Heaven, she exists there in some form, and she is able to “look down” on us. 
Rather than what I find to be an entirely unconvincing theory of incredible technology in the hands of our adversaries, might these things, these objects, be of a Supreme Power? 
Might souls be moving through the universe in ways that we are incapable of understanding until the day it is our soul?
Christians recently celebrated Easter. 
They steadfastly believe in the promise written in John 14: 2-3: “In My Father’s house are many mansions; if it were not so, I would have told you. 
I go to prepare a place for you. 
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you to Myself; that where I am, there you may be also.”
