The Forum, front page: “Federal officials investigate 2 bias incidents in Fargo.”
“Fargo Police Chief David Zibolski told the City Commission on Monday night, Oct. 18, that there have been no cases filed in court under the new local hate crime ordinance . 
However, since the start of 2021, there have been 17 reports in which the initial responding officer indicated possible bias by the suspect. 
After review, four had facts that supported further investigation of bias.”
This is encouraging news. 
In a city of 125,000 residents, no hate crime cases were filed this year and only four cases with alleged bias are under investigation. 
While one proven instance of bias-driven crime is totally unacceptable, only four alleged bias crimes requiring further investigation is reassuring. 
Our community remains one of the most welcoming places in the world.
While extremely infrequent, ugly hateful crimes were covered in The Forum story. 
Sadly, there will always be a few haters among us. 
Hate-fueled lies about President Trump still appear on this page.
Primary lesson learned: Next time there are gunshots fired downtown by some hapless sociopath, it will most likely be without bias.
Forum columnist distracts with “red herrings”
Straight from the Democrat playbook, a fellow Forum columnist recently used red herrings to distract your attention away from the monumental disaster called the Biden presidency. 
True to form, the red herrings were unsubstantiated attacks on Republicans and conservatives alleging behaviors that “threaten democracy,” often exactly what the Democrats themselves are doing.
“Worried about the future of our democracy,” the columnist referenced Republicans with claims of “we are headed towards a system of minority rule.” 
Everyone knows the exact opposite is true. 
Majority Congressional Democrats and President Biden are openly pursuing Democrat-controlled socialism by supporting legislation forcing us to be even more dependent on big government. 
If achieved, their calls for adding two Democrat majority states, a larger liberal-packed Supreme Court, and abolishing the Electoral College would result in permanent Democrat rule. Those are the threats to the “future of our democracy.”
Another red herring was this falsehood: “the successful effort by 18 red state legislatures to prevent or restrict voting is obscene and un-American.” 
Accurate reading of the legislation reveals those states passed laws that assure election integrity. 
No more leftist cheating by vote harvesting and using mail-in ballots minus signatures. 
Nothing could be more American than those laws.
Finally, the columnist cited the favorite Democrat distraction: “there was a violent attempt to overthrow our government” on January 6 th. 
Recently released Capitol videos have confirmed the small band of radical fringe nitwits that pre-planned the illegal entry carried no firearms. 
The only revolution-like violence was the shooting and killing of an unarmed American veteran by a Capitol police lieutenant at point blank range without cause.
No rational person believes the unarmed gang of dimwitted sociopaths and the larger group of extremely irresponsible trespassers were a threat to “overthrow our government.” 
Sorry, fellow columnist, your red herrings weren’t malodorous enough to distract us from the path of the colossal Democrat disaster.
