A recent Forum editorial headline said “ The diversion means Fargo’s days of continuous sprawl are numbered .” 
Thomas Evanella subsequently reports on the business page that “prominent developers” are optimistic about “growth potential” in the “metro area.”
Obviously countering the Forum editorial, the “prominent developers” predictably fixated on “metro” Fargo and West Fargo. 
Crickets regarding virtually unlimited residential and business growth potential in “metro” Moorhead. 
We are wide open east to Highway 336.
It’s already happening! 
The 2021 Moorhead Development Report lists 284 new housing units, including 108 single-family homes and 176 multi-family residences. 
Community Development Director Kristie Leshovsky is particularly focused on developing a diverse mix of neighborhoods for various living situations with great amenities and options.
Biking, walking, jogging and skating trails connect beautiful parks, pools, athletic fields, houses of worship, golf courses and welcoming neighborhoods. 
Our schools remain, without question, among the best in the nation. 
Moorhead has long been a first-class place to safely study, work, worship, attend arts events, raise families, and open a business.
The outstanding staff of our Moorhead Public Library has been operating at a disadvantage with an outdated facility for too many years. 
Congratulations to the City Council for voting unanimously to place a half-cent sales tax on the Nov. 8 ballot to fund a new downtown regional library and community center. 
Lisa Borgen, chair of a task force that studied the matter, will hold public meetings and input sessions with Moorhead residents to learn what we envision for the new facility.
Library Director Megan Krueger proudly notes our library has become much more than a place to check out books. 
It can be used free of charge for people to apply for jobs and take educational courses. 
Friendly, knowledgeable library staff members assist with reference services, free Wi-Fi, fax service and public use computers. 
The library is often used for important public events and workshops that are free and open to everyone. 
It has become a prime community gathering space with meeting rooms for community organizations.
The current library building is 60 years old and facing about $1 million in maintenance and repair expenses over the next five years. 
A new library is “overdue” and will surely be approved by Moorhead voters.
While still serving well, City Hall and Fire Station 1 were built almost 50 years ago. 
Employees in these facilities need more space.
It’s time to build a modern fire station at the center of the eastward expanding city in the vicinity of the Meadows Golf Course. 
Firefighters and EMTs would have unobstructed routes to every neighborhood. 
A state-of-the-art fire station could be combined with a modern city hall providing easy ground level public access. 
Clay County administrative offices have already moved to a convenient location in that part of Moorhead.
Or, might we add a new easy-access city hall to the sales tax funded downtown library and community center? 
Old city hall would provide ideal downtown private office space right where “it’s already happening!”