Americans deserve fair and balanced mainstream media reporting. 
That is not what we have today. 
Mainstream sources (typified by The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS and NBC) persistently display partiality for Democrats over Republicans.
The Trump-Russia collusion hoax is a prime example. 
Staff members of The New York Times and The Washington Post were awarded the Pulitzer Prize: “For deeply sourced, relentless reported coverage in the public interest that dramatically furthered the nation’s understanding of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and its connections to the Trump campaign, the President-elect’s transition team and his eventual administration.”
“Russian interference” in the Trump campaign, transition and administration never occurred. 
The Pulitzer was awarded for “relentless” reporting of blatant lies, a “deeply sourced” political hoax! Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation completely exonerated Trump of collusion with Russia. 
Special Counsel John Durham recently revealed Democrat Hillary Clinton and the Democrat National Committee devised and financed the hoax. 
Mainstream media never apologized for misinforming Americans with their brazen political lies. 
The ill-gotten Pulitzer Prize was never returned.
California Democrat Rep. Adam Schiff and other devious Democrat members of Congress continually leaked disinformation about Trump to eager mainstream media sources. 
Schiff never admitted making up lies about “proof “ of Trump-Russia collusion. Mainstream media never asked for evidence. 
Democrat lies served as fuel for their hateful, destroy-Trump media crusades.
Adverse mainstream media stories about California Democrat House Speaker Pelosi or New York Democrat Senate Leader Schumer seldom appear, but negative stories about Republican Congressional leaders abound. 
Media swooned over Biden’s Supreme Court nominee, Ketanji Brown Jackson, but sullied Trump nominees Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett.
Mainstream media label Democrat Vice President Kamala Harris “a historic figure,” while South Carolina Republican Senator Tim Scott, a historic figure, escapes mention. 
They loved Republican John McCain voting with Democrats on Obamacare, and they love Republican Utah Sen. Mitt Romney hatefully criticizing Trump, but worked hard to defeat both the McCain and Romney presidential campaigns.
While breathlessly buttressing the Democrats' destroy-Trump Jan. 6 investigation, mainstream media were silent when a mob of leftist Black Lives Matter/Antifa thugs launched a violent attack on the White House, forcing President Trump into a bunker and injuring 60 Secret Service agents. 
Democrats never investigated that “insurrection”.
There is irrefutable evidence that mainstream media, Big Tech and former CIA leaders together promoted the pre-election lie that emails on Hunter Biden’s laptop were “Russian disinformation.” 
Polls indicate Biden might have lost had they not hidden the ugly truth on the laptop about shady Biden family financial deals. 
Now mainstream media is gushing over Democrats promising an intimidating “summer of rage” following the leaked Supreme Court abortion opinion.
Mainstream media’s operative definition of free speech has evolved largely to speech conforming to the leftist Democrat worldview. 
The majority of Republican speech, particularly when associated with Trump, is “racist disinformation” that is “destroying our democracy!”
If irresponsible, one-sided national journalism continues, there will be no end to deep, dangerous divisions among our citizens. 
Can America ultimately survive with a widely disrespected, failed mainstream media?
