Gallup found Congressional approval fell to 18% in January.
That helps explain scant interest in the Democrat scheme to destroy former President Donald Trump with their Jan. 6 “kangaroo court committee” hearings. While members of Congress drearily drone on about Trump single-handedly “ending democracy,” their constituents are focused on outrageously-inflated gas and food prices. Some families are unable to meet basic monthly expenses or buy enough gas to drive to work.
Tedious Trump-deranged Jan. 6 “insurrection” tirades are yesterday’s news. Americans have seen through the charade. They learned in elementary school that individuals accused of a crime are allowed a legitimate judicial proceeding to present evidence and witnesses in their own defense. Far from a judicial proceeding, this is clearly a totalitarian “judge, jury and executioner” political farce.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi blocked minority Republican leadership from exercising the time-honored Congressional practice of selecting their appointees to the committee. Instead, she appointed Trump-haters extraordinaire Liz Cheney R-WY and Adam Kinzinger R-IL.
Claudia Tenney R-NY began life in the former Yugoslavia. When she watched one prime time Jan. 6 Congressional hearing, all she could think of was old Soviet Union communist propaganda show trials where they used selected cut and pasted words and phrases designed to smear any opposition. “It’s just astounding to me that Liz Cheney somehow thinks that she is this great savior of the Constitution. It’s embarrassing," Tenney stated.
Pelosi’s direct accountability for enabling the Jan. 6 Capitol incursion is conveniently and predictably missing from the get-Trump sham trial. Legitimate Republican committee members would have provided crucial evidence of Pelosi inexplicably turning down Trump’s offer to make available ample National Guard troops to secure the Capitol on Jan. 6. Had she accepted, no protestor could have trespassed on the Capitol grounds, let alone enter the building. Americans are rightfully questioning what was behind Pelosi’s refusal to guarantee the security of our Capitol.
What’s wonderfully ironic about the Democrats’ tyrannical “show trial” is they may unintentionally guarantee a Republican presidential win in 2024. Should their Soviet-style propaganda be the final blow to another Trump candidacy, a largely silent cohort of Republicans and Independents will gain an open pathway to nominating their first choice, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis. Democrats have little chance against DeSantis.
Unlike with the recent crew of progressive Democrat presidential wannabees: Bernie Sanders, Pete Buttigieg, Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar, Cory Booker, Gavin Newsom, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez; nominating a competent, well-respected moderate like former Congressman Harold Ford Jr. might enable Democrats to squeeze by the hated Trump, but not if he’s been eliminated by the Trump-deranged mob.
For certain, Democrats will find a way to jettison sure loser Joe Biden. Also out the window will go the tradition of nominating the obedient vice president, sure loser Kamala Harris. Democrat power brokers will force both to fall on their swords to “save democracy." (America is a constitutional republic.)
Sweet irony! The Democrats’ kangaroo court committee may eliminate the only potential 2024 Republican presidential candidate they have any chance of defeating.
Have an “Always Great America” Independence Day!
