The headline of a recent Forum article read, “Sunday celebration in Moorhead to focus on social, racial equity.”
Good on us!
Folks gathered Sunday to celebrate social and racial equity in Moorhead.
Not so fast.
Within the article: “A local humanitarian organization is hosting a celebration this weekend to launch an effort aimed at improving social and racial equity in the Fargo-Moorhead area. The event will include conversations on what can be done locally.”
Ah, the aim of the effort, labeled Inclusive Moorhead, is to improve social and racial equity.
Reading further: “Some of the questions organizers want to pose to participants include: What policies and processes would improve inclusion? How can diverse representation be increased in decision-making spaces?"
Referencing Oxford Languages, “Inclusion is the measure of the quality of representation, such as full access, authentic representation, empowered participation, true belonging and power-sharing. Social equity takes into account systemic inequalities to ensure everyone in a community has access to the same opportunities and outcomes. Racial equity is an intentional and continual practice of changing policies, practices, systems and structures by prioritizing measurable change in the lives of people of color.”
So, is this “humanitarian” effort aimed at the social, racial and gender make-up of our primary “decision-making spaces” — the elected governing boards of our cities, counties and school districts? Moorhead’s mayor is a woman. Our previous mayor was African American. Leaders of other local units of government and our colleges, churches and private businesses are similarly diverse.
Or, is there evidence of “systemic” inequity in Fargo-Moorhead that warrants investigating “what can be done locally?” Are there examples where “inclusion” and “social and racial equity” clearly need "improvement"? With all due respect, unless local media have completely failed to report significant racial and social issues, this has the appearance of good people launching an arbitrary investigation in search of a problem.
Sadly, like every society, we inevitably have a minuscule number of haters like the nitwits responsible for senselessly vandalizing the beautiful murals outside our immigrant business center. Ignorant criminals, they deserve proper justice, and absolutely do not represent our community.
Our government entities, colleges and universities, religious organizations and most businesses in Fargo-Moorhead manage with standards that are blind to race and social status. They operate on the basis that every individual deserves an equal chance to learn and work up to their maximum potential. Individuals can’t be made “equal” but rather can be provided their rightful “equal opportunity” to succeed, based entirely on hard work and perseverance, not some woke measure of equity.
One half century ago, in 1974, the city of Moorhead approved an equal opportunity program that became a model for cities across Minnesota. The program expanded job recruiting across every source in the area that represents men and women of different races, religions, sexual orientation, etc., so the city could attract the widest variety of quality candidates for job openings, then hire solely based on merit.
Moorhead was inclusive before inclusive was cool! I know because I wrote and implemented the program.
