An opinion on this website featured the bizarre headline “Is QAnon now going to be the Republican Party platform?” At first glance, it had to be sarcastic mockery of current stupid political tomfoolery. Reading further, it became obvious the writer was actually serious.
For background, The Lincoln Project is a Trump-hating political action committee funded by dark money. It co-opted a beloved President’s name to hide its blatant anti-Trump mission. The Associated Press published an incriminating piece detailing how project members enriched themselves by funneling donations from gullible followers into their private businesses.
Admitting to being a follower of The Lincoln Project’s anti-Republican media clips labeled “This Week in the Republican Party,” the writer declared, “I’m doing my version,” and then mirrored their hateful propaganda with a bizarre attack on Republicans and President Trump.
Included was reference to a silly leftist claim that Trump outed a Russian double-agent: “There are reports that we lost a source of intelligence who was so highly placed in Russia that he could take pictures of Putin’s desk. Trump’s actions caused us to lose that source of intelligence.”
Oh, it got more ridiculous! Referring with exhaustive familiarity to the QAnon nitwits, the writer penned: “Trump has now fully embraced QAnon and its crazy conspiracy theories. He’s posted pictures of himself with a Q lapel pin overlaid with the words ‘The Storm is Coming.’ In QAnon, the ‘storm’ refers to Trump’s final victory, when they think he regains power. His opponents will be tried and possibly executed on live TV. Trump had a rally last weekend in Ohio at which he played the Q’s theme song. Attendees raised their arms at an angle eerily similar to Nazis shortly before and during World War II.”
Following that astonishing analysis came the bizarre headline: “Is QAnon going to be the Republican Party platform?”
Foolish leftist claptrap isn’t ordinarily worthy of a response. Well-balanced citizens understand this resonates only with the most gullible leftist fringe anti-Trumpers. The value of responding, however, lies in illustrating the outlandish lengths to which hard-core progressives are reaching with desperate efforts to sully President Trump and the 75 million-plus responsible supporters of his quality policies.
The writer concluded with another beauty: “For quite some time, Trump has been calling QAnon cult members to violence again.” That revelation was followed by: “Sens. Hoeven and Cramer and Rep. Armstrong are silent. Vote them out.”
Here’s a better suggestion. When leftist smear tactics reach this magnitude of craziness, actually finding their way onto legitimate newspaper opinion pages, common sense tells us it is more critical now than ever for North Dakotans to keep in office their responsible, adult, sane Congressional delegation.
If America is to heal, unhinged propagandists of all stripes must be relegated to the wings, replaced on the center stage of history by people of good will and common sense that are capable of mending fences based on reality and hard truths, and not by posting goofy anti-Trump lies and comic book level QAnon insanity.
