Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich is a highly respected writer, historian and reliable political analyst. Recognized for intelligence and common sense, he recently articulated alarming warnings regarding corruption in the Biden administration.
Referencing widely-documented behavior of the attorney general, the FBI director, and senior FBI leaders, Gingrich described the Biden Justice Department as “the most corrupt in all of American history.”
Mark Zuckerberg, head of Meta, admitted the FBI asked him to suppress the damning truth about Hunter Biden’s laptop just before the 2020 election. Simultaneously, 50 intelligence community officials published a disinformation letter implying the Russians miraculously created the condemning content of Hunter’s laptop.
Numerous pollsters, including Rasmussen and Technometrica Institute, found approximately 17% of Biden voters would not have done so had they known of the scandals exposed on that laptop, including shady Biden family global financial deals involving “the big guy” Joe and his brother Jim. Rasmussen found 48% of Americans believe Trump would be President today if liberal media fully reported the laptop’s revelations rather than ignoring and suppressing them.
President Biden brands Trump supporters “semi-fascist, a threat to our democracy.” That’s his defensive response to being legitimately called out for grave errors and the dangers he’s placed on our country. Gingrich states that to have the president characterize half of his country that way is the “greatest act of aggression against the American people from a president that we have ever seen; an astonishing moment that does not fit any of our prior history.”
Innocent January 6 Trump supporters have been harassed after legally voicing free speech on the District of Columbia Mall. FBI whistleblowers have revealed FBI leadership instructed them to create a false illusion of widespread “conservative domestic terrorism.” Gingrich warns that Biden White House, FBI and Justice Department staffers will fear exposure of their “get Trump at any cost” dishonesty if Republicans win Congress and the White House. Facing legal jeopardy and lost careers, might they desperately double-down with more armed invasions of the homes of freely speaking conservative citizens?
Gingrich: “We have no way of knowing what’s going to happen over the next six months to two years as these people continue to try to destroy Donald Trump and anyone who supports him. Nothing you currently know can tell you anything about how corrupt this is and will continue to get. These people are willing to not only destroy Trump but to destroy all of his followers and have given every indication that they are willing to do anything in order to accomplish that goal.”
Newt Gingrich didn’t just tumble off a Georgia pumpkin wagon. He is profoundly cognizant of corruption in Biden’s administration. His words justify valid fears for the survival of our democratic republic. Ruling America are power-hungry progressives, striving “at any cost” to limit free speech and maintain Marxist-like authoritarian control.
In January 2023, a Republican House and Senate can impeach, convict and remove Biden and Harris. For love of country, vote accordingly on November 8.
