Global warming cultists allege many of we conservative Americans never cared enough to save the planet for future generations. We are responsible for impending floods and the fiery death of Mother Earth in — what’s the official doomsday established by climate expert Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez? — forever 10 years out from any given point in time, so now 2032!
At Nichols and Roth Grocery, downtown by the square in Eureka, Illinois, Dad chose cuts of meat laid out in a display case that Mr. Nichols wrapped in butcher paper. Many other food products came in glass jars. We kept the jars to store leftovers, nuts and bolts, needles and thread, and other odds and ends. Groceries went home in brown paper bags.
The milkman arrived at our back porch early in the morning. Glass bottles held cream at the top, milk below. We put empties back on the porch. The milkman took them back to be washed, sterilized, and refilled.
Soda and beer were also sold in bottles. We kids collected empties and returned them to the store for a few pennies each. They were sterilized and refilled. We turned the pennies into collections of baseball cards. (Mom gave away my pristine baseball cards, including Mickey Mantle, when I didn’t “play” with them anymore. Ouch!) I did start a penny collection that survives today.
Brown paper grocery bags were used for garbage and to store various things, but we also covered schoolbooks with them. This kept valuable public property from being defaced with our scribbling.
Cloth diapers were placed in pails to be washed and reused. Laundry was dried on clotheslines using wind and solar power! When a hole appeared in a sock, Mom would get out her darning equipment and sew it up. Once a sock consisted of more thread than cloth, it became a cleaning rag.
With no styrofoam or bubble wrap, we cushioned fragile items to be mailed with wadded up newspapers. Boyd Elementary School in Eau Claire, Wisconsin held paper drives where we kids earned rewards by bringing in stacks of newspapers to be recycled.
Dad owned a creaky old push lawnmower that ran on kid power. No health clubs existed. We exercised with real work, real bikes and real stairs!
We drank from public water fountains and garden hoses, not plastic bottles. Dad refilled writing pens with ink instead of buying new pens and replaced razor blades instead of throwing away the entire razor.
When McDonalds opened in Eau Claire featuring 15-cent hamburgers, “millions sold,” we didn't need electronic gadgets receiving signals beamed from 25,000 miles above earth in order to find the golden arches. Our friends and neighbors lived pretty much like we did. Many still do.
Alarmingly, Barack and Michelle Obama’s multi-million dollar luxury estates on the shores of Oahu and Martha’s Vineyard will be inundated by seawater in just ten short years. Shame on we conservatives for never caring enough to save Mother Earth for future generations!