Following the Soviet Union’s first nuclear bomb test in 1949, our federal government began developing strategies to prevent a nuclear war. 
Surviving a nuclear war became the mission of local civil defense planners.
In the mid-1950s, civil defense volunteers were recruited in Eau Claire, Wisconsin to stand watch on the roof of our tallest building, Hotel Eau Claire. 
Supporting a newly established North American line of defense against a menacing nuclear Soviet Union, the volunteers referenced photos of Soviet bombers and recorded every airplane passing overhead.
The Federal Civil Defense Administration distributed films and pamphlets teaching us how to build family bomb shelters and stock them with survival supplies. 
Air-raid drills at Boyd Elementary School taught us to duck-and-cover under our desks.
We learned nuclear weapons produce blinding flashes of light and radiation with temperatures as high as the sun. 
Blast waves moving at several times the speed of sound form walls of compressed, super-heated air that level everything within the blast zones. 
Anyone in the way is killed instantly. 
A shroud of highly radioactive ash begins to fall like snow, quickly killing everything that survived the initial explosions.
Vast plumes of dark soot entering the upper atmosphere would spread winter-like gloom around the planet, severely diminishing harvests, even in areas far away from the conflict zones. 
Food would eventually disappear as supply sources failed. 
Hospitals, if still standing, would be overwhelmed.
Nuclear war became a recurring theme in movies and on television. 
“Nuclear winter” was coined to describe the gloomy, cold after-effects of radioactive fallout contaminating a desolate earth.
Today, we know all electronic equipment would cease to function as electromagnetic pulses would fry electronic circuits. 
Phones, internet, computers, vehicles — nothing would work. 
Hoarding, panic buying and price gouging would take over. 
If away from home, you would likely not make it back to hug surviving friends and family one last time.
Millions of Americans born after “nuclear winter” disappeared from our parlance have never really had to contemplate the threat of nuclear war or the likely results. 
They’ll assure you it’s something that’s never going to happen anyway, so why worry — it's just the stuff of Hollywood fiction writers.
Evil Russian tyrant Vladimir Putin is indiscriminately murdering thousands of men, women and children while destroying their homes in Ukraine. 
He has been indelibly clear about his perceived “right” to reclaim the entire former Soviet Union at virtually any cost. 
Ukraine is his first target. Others include countries that have become members of NATO. 
The United States is obligated to fight to defend NATO countries. 
Putin has threatened to use nuclear weapons. 
He has placed his nuclear forces on high alert.
Just as we understood back in the 1950s, nuclear war between any adversary and the United States would most likely escalate and destroy both. 
Moreover, nuclear winter could lead to the extinction of all life. 
After millions of years of evolution, not one living thing would remain on this tiny speck of dust in a far corner of the vast unknown universe.
And rational, moral, civilized human beings will assure that doesn’t happen how?
