Focusing on issues
Every opinion columnist expects contrary reader responses. 
Helpful dialogue occurs when the responses center on the substance of the issues, employing adult level discourse rather than nasty personal attacks. 
Readers may have observed that Forum columnists, while all over the political map, maintain a level of respect for each other that forgoes personal attacks. 
Aside from occasionally poking good-natured fun at other columnists (hello Tony Bender!), we generally stick to the issues. 
Not always so with our readers.
Amateur psychological assessment
This column recently discussed issues identified in non-partisan polling as ranking high among voter concerns. 
In the only published reader response letter, failing to address the column’s factual substance, Alan J. Peterson of West Fargo wrote: “Mike Hulett, like the far-right echo chamber he uses as a substitute for his brain, repeats unproven and debunked conspiracies to achieve his apparent need to deride others so he might feel better about himself and control you.”
Apparently incapable of adult level discourse, Alan J. Peterson instead launched a patently offensive ad hominem attack on the columnist. 
Do you suppose he concocted this amateur psychological assessment of a total stranger “to achieve his apparent need to deride others so he might feel better about himself and control you?”
(People in my life know my feelings of self-worth are based not on controlling but on serving: Navy Lieutenant, human resources executive, management trainer, deputy sheriff, Moorhead School Board and City Council member, first F-M Chamber board chair, dad to five outstanding sons!)
A “far-right echo chamber”
Along with his psychobabble, Peterson dismisses out-of-control inflation, rising crime, open borders and domestic energy suicide as “unproven and debunked conspiracies” coming from a “far-right echo chamber.”
I previously reported on being embedded with Tucson Sector Border Patrol agents, witnessing first-hand the extreme crisis on the open Arizona border. 
No “far-right echo chamber” existed in that harsh desert. 
A retired Minnesota peace officer, I didn’t need a “far-right echo chamber” to locate current data on out-of-control crime. 
Likewise, it doesn’t require a “far-right echo chamber” to contrast outrageous fuel prices with reasonable costs during the Trump years.
Donald Trump’s discourse level
This column has been an objective, fact-based supporter of former President Donald Trump’s policies. 
His verbatim non-racist Charlottesville remarks were printed here. 
His record funding for Black colleges was highlighted, as were his significant improvements for veterans. 
He rebuilt our military and had Chinese Communist aggression well in hand.
That said, this commentator won’t ignore childish Trump outbursts, including nasty ad hominem attacks on outstanding Republicans. 
Trump is already going after a likely 2024 opponent, labeling him “Ron DeSanctimonious” and putting him down as an “average governor.” 
Volumes of conservatives and independents highly respect Ron DeSantis and many see him emerging as leader of the Republican Party.
Trump is making a fatal mistake. 
In order to gain broad support for the 2024 nomination, he needs to apologize to DeSantis, stop all further immature discourse and focus directly on solutions for countless critical policy issues.
