On July 5, 2016, FBI Director James B. Comey solemnly disclosed the outcome of his investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of an unclassified personal e-mail system for classified government business: “There is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. None of these e-mails should have been on any kind of unclassified system, but their presence is especially concerning because all of these e-mails were housed on unclassified personal servers not even supported by full-time security staff.”
Veteran FBI agents were certain that federal prosecution was being announced when Comey abruptly concluded: “Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring charges.”
Having just detailed how Clinton’s use of a private email server for government business was prima facie evidence of an alleged crime under 18 U.S. Code 798 – Disclosure of Classified Information, punishable by fine or imprisonment for not more than 10 years, or both, Comey, with no authority to do so, exonerated Clinton for “extremely careless” alleged violations of federal law.
Comey concluded: “To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. 
To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. 
But that is not what we are deciding now.”
So, “to be clear,” when engaging in “similar circumstances,” many alleged lawbreakers “face consequences,” but not Clinton.
On March 30, 2022, newly released documents revealed Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign and the Democrat National Committee (DNC) have agreed to pay a combined $113,000 penalty to the Federal Election Commission (FEC). 
The Commission found probable cause that both Clinton's campaign and the DNC violated federal law by describing payments that ultimately went to the Fusion GPS research group as going toward legal services and consulting.
The Clinton campaign broke FEC donation rules by paying Fusion GPS for the Steele dossier, a fake opposition research hit job on Donald Trump alleging he colluded with Russia. 
That hoax was used by former top FBI officials to get permission from a secret federal court to spy on presidential candidate Trump, and later President Trump.
Clinton could have challenged the FEC finding and gone into court. 
Instead, she agreed to a finding of probable cause. 
Kash Patel, House Intelligence Committee lead investigator for the 2018 Congressional probe into the FBI’s investigation of alleged Trump–Russia collusion, says the Clinton campaign paying this penalty is a “clear confession of guilt. Had any other campaign done it, they would have fined them to the tune of millions of dollars.”
Special Counsel John Durham, in an April 15 court filing, indicates the CIA determined data from former Clinton campaign lawyer Michael Sussmann surrounding alleged links between the Trump organization and Russia was “user created” and not “technically plausible.” Prosecution is pending.
Many alleged lawbreakers “face consequences,” but not all of them. Hillary Clinton is dropping hints about running again in 2024.
