Only an historic spiritual, cultural and Constitutional rebirth among “We The People” will preserve “one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.”
A historic rebirth requires significantly diminishing the deep divisions that have dragged our nation to the precipice of disunion. Significantly diminishing deep divisions requires finding highly qualified, widely acceptable, fresh presidential candidates.
Do Democrats have widely acceptable candidates? Record inflation, outrageous prices, borders controlled by terrorist Mexican cartels, rampant crime, impending climate suicide; polls confirm Biden’s Marxist puppeteers have created an abjectly failed presidency. Joe’s recent “anti-MAGA” tirade, angrily shouted in front of a blood-red backdrop, two soldiers looming in dark shadows, was hostile and dangerous. That demagogic attack, demonizing half of American voters, was not widely acceptable!
Alternatives? 2020 presidential wannabees have faded into deserved obscurity. Failed radical California Gov. Gavin Newsom is a hair gel joke. Michelle Obama is yet another divisive progressive. Democrats appear disinterested in fresh, non-progressive options like former Representative Harold Ford Jr.
How about Republicans? Following Biden’s Mar-a-Lago raid debacle , polls favor former President Donald Trump . Clearly not a fresh option, his return is problematic unless he significantly improves his random bombast, which is unlikely. Legacy media would gleefully feature non-stop reruns of their previous Trump-deranged lies and hoaxes, leaving Americans drowning in Democrat-sponsored hate.
Alternatives? Yes! Ready to serve are highly qualified, widely acceptable, fresh choices like former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, Senator Tim Scott, R-SC, and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis. Of critical importance, there are no negative elements of character or life events among these outstanding leaders to support another round of unhinged Democrat media lies.
DeSantis kept Florida businesses and schools open during the pandemic, faring better than locked-down Democrat led states. He is protecting pre-school age children from inappropriate exposure to graphic sexualization and racist critical race theory indoctrination. He is keeping civics in the K-12 curriculum, teaching America’s founding principles. A great choice for President!
For America to overcome the ever-increasing danger of Biden-led disunion, it falls to Republicans to judiciously identify who among their ranks provide the optimal paths to winning Congress and the Presidency. Upon election, they must revitalize the failed Biden economy, close Biden’s illegal open borders, restore Biden-destroyed energy independence, and arrest the progressive-fueled crime wave.
Unlike Biden, our next President must be of sound mind, strong character, dignified, honest and fortified by common sense. Our next president must be fully capable of standing up to dangerous threats from the Chinese communists, an impossible task for a likely blackmail victim like Hunter Biden’s “10% for the big guy” recipient.
A historic rebirth of “one nation under God” is right in front of our eyes. Significantly diminishing our deep divisions will result from reestablishing the traditional America that works. Equipped for that task are highly qualified Republicans, the fresh leaders needed to “establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.”
