On Aug. 8, 2022, we Americans witnessed one of the darkest moments in the history of our constitutional republic.
Attorney General Merrick Garland dispatched a swarm of federal agents to conduct an armed pre-dawn raid on the private home of former President Donald Trump.
Unprecedented in American history, the raid was reportedly generated by a dispute between the National Archives and Trump regarding presidential papers. 
That doesn’t pass the smell test.
To justify the massive armed raid, the Justice Department had to outline probable cause that a crime had been committed, supported by full fact pattern evidence. 
The American people must be immediately shown that probable cause. 
You don’t suppose this was actually a thinly-concealed Justice Department fishing expedition associated with the January 6 Capitol intrusion? “Come on man!”
Professor Alan Dershowitz, noted Constitutional scholar and lifelong Democrat, informs us the Justice Department always issues subpoenas for disputed materials in National Archives cases, then enters into discussions to settle the matter. 
“The law is clear," Dershowitz told Newsmax. 
"Raids are not a first recourse in America, they are a last recourse. You do not engage in a raid unless you believe the person is about to destroy the materials.” 
(Trump had been cooperating with the Justice Department. They knew he wasn’t about to destroy his presidential papers!)
Dershowitz also explains Biden administration officials were obligated to show they exhausted all other possibilities before conducting the raid. 
He calls this the weaponization of the Justice Department to go after political enemies. 
He notes they recently raided other homes, needlessly placing fully-cooperating individuals charged with misdemeanors in handcuffs and leg irons, political theater designed to instill fear in political opponents.
Former Acting U.S. Attorney General Matt Whitaker said on Fox News, “We have crossed a line. This was a totally unnecessary dramatic escalation that reflects a two-tiered system of justice.” Specifically noted, Hillary Clinton, Hunter Biden and the Biden family have avoided Justice Department attention, despite well-documented alleged illegal activities, including illegal servers and money laundering. Yet Trump, for a benign presidential document dispute, is capriciously made out to be a criminal warranting an armed raid on his home.
Power-driven leftist politicians smell defeat in coming elections. 
Exhibiting desperation, they are resorting to hardball fear tactics to stop Trump from another presidential run. 
This is exactly how banana republic dictators operate. 
If President Joe Biden, with complicit support from Justice Department leadership, can get away with doing this to his predecessor and possible next opponent, what can they do to you and me?
These are perilous times. 
The two-tiered system of Democrat political justice is shaking America to its core. 
Following the fabricated Russia hoax, lack of interest in alleged wrongdoing by Hillary Clinton and Hunter Biden and a highly-questionable raid on Trump's home, whatever crumbs of credibility that remained with Justice Department leadership have now been swept into the dustbin of history. They crossed a line that cannot be uncrossed. If this continues, what is to become of our constitutional republic?
