The internal combustion engine is a miracle upon which the viability of America will long depend. 
President Biden’s ruinous intentions to undermine America’s fossil fuel production seriously threaten that viability. 
He is leading us from energy independence to energy domination by other countries. 
Demand exceeding supply has sent fuel costs for vehicles and homes spiraling beyond the financial means of FM area families.
Recognizing a golden opportunity, foreign dictators (Russia, Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, Iran) are ramping up their production of fossil fuels, determined to become primary arbiters of worldwide energy. 
Owned by climate extremists, Biden is irrationally jeopardizing our nation’s security by allowing that to happen.
Prominent climate scientists, Michael Shellenberger and others, are finally starting to push back against repeated climate exaggerations by opinion writers, journalists, and other scientists. 
No credible scientific body has ever verified that climate change threatens the collapse of civilization, much less the extinction of the human species. 
Erroneous claims of coming crop failure, famine, and mass death are science fiction, not science. 
(I can already hear the keyboard clicks of climate alarmist readers: Hulett is scandalously “disinforming” readers by ignoring “the evidence and scientific consensus!”)
Readers, even the leftist revered Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has reported long-term climate change is not an existential threat to humanity. 
Responding to panic over normally occurring natural disasters, they state: “There is robust evidence of disasters displacing people worldwide, but limited evidence that climate change or sea-level rise is the direct cause.”
Credible climate scientists have long assured us the world’s climate cools and warms over thousands of years due primarily to sunlight and natural variables. 
They report no scientific data proving human influence on weather. 
No abnormal trends in hurricanes or tornadoes are occurring. 
There have been no more fires, floods or droughts than normal.
America is the most environmentally friendly country in the world. 
Communist China, the No. 1 threat to America’s future security, is building coal-fired power plants in many other countries. 
Despite that, Biden’s authoritarian “green-new-dealers” remain on a treacherous quest to drag America alone into unwarranted economic and societal suicide by unilaterally eliminating fossil fuels. 
They insist on you believing “we” must take immediate drastic steps.
Instead of unilaterally killing America with climate anxiety, let’s require unconditionally that the “we” includes every other nation taking exactly the same actions at exactly the same time. 
No coal burned in the USA – no coal burned anywhere else. 
Natural gas and oil use restricted in the USA – gas and oil use equally restricted everywhere else.
Yes, I understand the “we” that is Russia, China, and India will never agree to any such proposal. 
Given that, our only option is to proceed on a levelheaded, common sense path with energy independence and clean fossil fuels. 
Concurrently, we can responsibly debate climate anxiety, relying on "proven science," while continuing to take reasonable, measured steps to reduce pollution in the air, on land and at sea.
Our enemies must be astonished to witness such large numbers of Americans reinforcing their “death to America” goals based entirely on overblown climate anxiety.
