Moderate Democrat, independent and Republican readers:
Backed by Congressional Democrats, President Joe Biden has unlawfully provided brutal Mexican gangsters a wide-open border over which they traffic illegal aliens into America, raking in billions of dollars.
Since Biden took office, over 2.3 million immigrants have unlawfully invaded America, landing in every corner of the country, while another estimated 900,000-plus crossed and disappeared unchallenged. Those “got-aways” include terrorists and Mexican gang members carrying Chinese communist fentanyl that annually kills over 100,000 Americans. Even worse, included are thousands of captive women and children being sold as sex slaves to predators.
Congressional Democrats pretend the massive alien invasion is non-existent. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said at her recent press conference that farmers need the illegal aliens to “pick the crops”. Unbelievably ignorant!
Legitimate statistics prove crime across America has reached historic proportions, especially in Democrat run cities. Random brutal assaults, smash-and-grab business thefts, car-jackings, targeted cop killings, Black-on-Black gang murders, the list is long. Big-city Democrats are astonishingly putting criminals back on the streets, free of bail, to repeatedly offend. Congressional Democrats are doing nothing to restore law and order.
Inflation has reached a 40-year high. Outrageous grocery and fuel prices are killing family budgets. Congressional Democrats passed the “Inflation Reduction Act” that does nothing to reduce inflation — another progressive big lie. Crazily committed to national suicide by ending use of our own fossil fuels, Democrats have forced formerly energy-independent America into begging dictators to sell us their dirty oil.
Retired four-star General Jack Keane warns us that Biden’s military, decimated by Democrat reductions, could lose if attacked by communist China, short of mutual nuclear annihilation. Despite this, Democrats are sending scarce military supplies to Ukraine. Keane also warns of significant risk of civilization-ending nuclear holocaust evolving out of the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
This column has frequently delineated Biden’s dubious international financial dealings while serving as vice president. We know brother Jim and son Hunter enriched the Biden family by grifting millions of dollars from companies associated with Chinese communists, including a tidy share for Joe “the big guy”. Congressional Democrats would impeach and convict any Republican caught red-handed in similar circumstances, but of course have ignored Biden’s shady shenanigans.
Liberal faithful are brainwashed by authoritarian Democrat media into believing far-fetched predictions like Liz Cheney and her January 6 kangaroo court will somehow put former President Donald Trump and his supporters in prison. Fortunately, clear-thinking citizens are not buying the media fairytale that Democrats must “save our democracy” from an impending Nazi-like, white supremacist, Trump-led insurrection.
Polls indicate Americans are finally recognizing widespread, power-hungry Democrat malfeasance, despite desperate attempts by Democrat mainstream media to focus on low interest issues like the January 6 committee charade and abortion hysteria. Voters are angry about open borders, fuel prices, inflation and uncontrolled crime.
Moderate Democrat, independent and Republican readers: You understand the grave damage being done to America by authoritarian Democrats. You must restore America’s borders, energy independence, economic security and rule of law by electing a Republican Congress this Tuesday.
