Abraham Lincoln depicted the danger of slavery-based disunion with the classic expression: "A house divided against itself cannot stand." 
Today, enemies dedicated to the death of America are watching and waiting as our divided house tears itself apart from the inside.
The purpose of the one-sided January 6 Congressional hearsay committee is to force Pres. Joe Biden’s Justice Department to indict former Pres. Donald Trump for some combination of insurrection, sedition and treason. 
Democratic jury panels stand ready to convict the intensely-hated Trump of any charge, irrespective of insufficient evidence and no proof beyond a reasonable doubt. 
Every norm, rule and law has a “Trump exclusion” that authorizes his enemies to do anything they want, including sending him to prison for the rest of his life, or worse.
The very act of a grand jury indicting President Trump would result in Constitution defenders peacefully protesting in thousands of cities. 
Leftist Antifa thugs and Black Lives Matter rioters would then emerge once again to loot, burn and violently attack Trump supporters. 
Foreseeing an ominous impending tipping point, rational Democrats have warned Biden’s puppeteers to issue an immediate pardon. 
Concerned historians caution our fragile house could become so finally divided in the aftermath of a Trump indictment that it cannot stand.
In the midst of historic division, adversaries could challenge America with worldwide chaos. 
Are Biden’s critical race theory-focused, woke military leaders — architects of the Afghanistan debacle — prepared to counter existential threats from any international enemy?
Biden’s unlawful and impeachable open border policy has given implicit consent to over 4 million illegal intruders to invade America. 
He has quietly housed them around the nation. 
Thanks to Joe’s malfeasance, over 500,000 unidentified “got-a-ways” have also scattered across our homeland, including killer fentanyl peddlers, horrid child sex traffickers and hard-core terrorists.
Thoroughly misinformed by Democratic legacy media, too many Americans have no conception of border-jumping terrorists hunkering down near vulnerable targets like power plants, refineries and pipelines. Amid our deep division, infiltrated Iranian hit squads could launch debilitating 9/11-level attacks on critical infrastructure. Are Biden’s unidentified handlers capable of preventing embedded terrorists from annihilating critical sources of energy, food and water?
History will record a significant factor contributing to the looming jeopardy of the Great American Experiment was extraordinarily delusional, deranged hate for Trump. 
That hate was fueled by outrageously divisive lies, including the Russia and Charlottesville hoaxes, as well as the one-sided, communist-style, cut-and-pasted propaganda repeated ad nauseam by befuddled Biden, devious Congressional members, Democratic legacy media and sadly-deceived opinion and letter writers.
Power-obsessed Democrats have placed in serious peril the precious freedoms for which our forebearers valiantly fought and died. Constitution defenders cannot count alone on winning the 2022 and 2024 elections to pull America back from the precipice. Only a momentous spiritual, cultural and Constitutional rebirth among “We The People” will save “One nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.”
