American Presidents, representing to the world the greatness and unity of the United States, customarily leave partisan politics “at the shore” when speaking abroad.
Not gaffe-prone President Joe Biden . 
He again embarrassed himself and America by malevolently lying about a former U.S. President while standing on the world stage.
At a recent NATO news conference in Europe, Joe responded to a question by stammering out a slanderous Democrat lie, proven years ago to be fiction: “I saw those folks coming out of the fields in Virginia carrying torches and carrying Nazi banners and literally singing the same vile rhyme that they used in Germany in the early ‘20s or ‘30s, . . . and then, when the person you mentioned (Trump) was asked what he thought — he said: There are very good people on both sides.”
Video and transcripts documenting the Charlottesville riot aftermath show President Trump stating: “Racism is evil. Those who caused violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans. And you had people — and I’m not talking about the neo-Nazis and white nationalists, because they should be condemned totally — but you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists . . . that were very fine people, on both sides.”
Even cognitively-impaired Joe knows the “very fine people” were shown to be concerned citizens peacefully protesting removing historical statutes, both pro and con.
Biden’s legacy is stained with gaffes and grift. 
Liberal icons The New York Times and The Washington Post have admitted, 18 months too late, that incriminating emails on Hunter Biden’s abandoned laptop are authentic. 
The U.S. Senate also possesses the evidence. 
Incredibly, 51 former intelligence officials conspired to lie for Joe by falsely labeling Hunter’s laptop contents “Russian disinformation.” 
A massive cover-up of Biden family grifting assured Joe’s win.
Multiple sources are expecting federal criminal indictments of Hunter and possibly other family members for tax evasion and money laundering. 
Joe (“the big guy” in Hunter’s emails) was clearly involved. Peter Schweizer’s book “Red Handed” provides details.
A recent Rasmussen Daily Presidential Tracking Poll showed 57% of likely voters disapprove of Biden’s job performance. 
Rasmussen also found 65% of voters believe it’s likely Biden was consulted about and perhaps profited from Hunter's multi-million dollar overseas business deals, some tied to communist China’s leadership.
Rasmussen polling indicated 48% of likely voters believe if mainstream media, Big Tech (Twitter and Facebook), Senate Democrats and former U.S. intelligence officials had not corruptly joined together to quash the pre-election New York Post story detailing Hunter’s incriminating laptop contents, it is likely Joe Biden would not have been elected.
Midterm elections are seven months away. 
Polls show Republicans with about an 11-point lead in recapturing Congress. 
If that holds, it’s less than a year until authoritarian House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is no longer third in line for the Presidency, and impeachment proceedings for Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris, purveyors of scandalous federal crimes on our southern border, can begin forthwith.
