President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris again dishonored our nation with another disgraceful political stunt. 
From the Capitol rotunda they shamelessly declared the Jan. 6 intrusion to be an “insurrection,” then equated it with three of the most devastating events in our republic’s history.
The Civil War took 620,000 combatant lives in bloody battles that ended slavery. 
The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor took 2,400 lives, bringing America into a world war where thousands more Americans perished. 
3,000 Americans died in the 9/11 terrorist attacks, followed by horrendous American casualties in Middle East wars.
The three-hour Jan. 6 Capitol intrusion consisted of an unorganized, unarmed gaggle of angry nitwits followed by several hundred irrational trespassers. 
Every one of them will be prosecuted. 
No intruder has been charged with “insurrection.” 
A Capitol cop arbitrarily murdered an unarmed, non-threatening female veteran intruder with the single gunshot fired.
This political hack stunt from Democrats was a grave insult to the memories of those who died in the Civil War, at Pearl Harbor and on 9/11, and to their family members. 
Biden, Harris, Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Majority Leader Chuck Schumer owe the American people deep apologies for their dishonorable mockery.
Yet another political disaster was generated by Democrats frantically struggling to hold power following colossal Biden-Harris failures. 
They believe their only option is to weaponize Jan. 6, hoping to thereby destroy archenemy Donald Trump. 
They want you profoundly afraid. 
You must believe “endangered democracy” can be only be “saved” from “insurrectionist Republicans” by total Democrat rule. 
Otherwise, “democracy” will assuredly die at the hands of 70 million Trump revolutionaries! 
(Democrats seem not to understand America is a democratic republic!)
Other Democratic schemes to retain total power include their Freedom to Vote Act. 
It removes the Constitutional right of states to manage their own elections, putting that power in the hands of embedded federal government employees, mostly Democrats. 
Were it to pass, our republic would be at critical risk of collapsing into one party Democrat rule.
Justifiably alarmed when several states violated their own election laws to allow non-verified mail-in votes, many states are passing legislation to assure future elections are honest. 
These laws, despite typical Democrat race-baiting lies, do not mysteriously grant Republicans unlimited power or discriminate against minorities. 
They simply encourage voting and eliminate cheating.
Why do Democrats oppose eliminating cheating?
Readers, these are the same people that silently watched thousands of businesses looted and burned by Antifa and Black Lives Matter rioters, then joined Harris in raising bail funds for those rioters. 
Why no “insurrection hearings” from Pelosi on hundreds of nationwide liberal riots?
These are the same people that silently watched the May 30 White House attack by a violent mob of their leftist comrades, destroying Government property, injuring 60 Secret Service agents, and forcing President Trump into a bunker. 
Why no hearings from Pelosi on the May 30 White House “insurrection?”
These are the same people that have silently watched Biden intentionally throw open our borders for child sex slave traffickers, killer drugs and terrorists. 
Where are Biden’s articles of impeachment, Speaker Pelosi?
