I first entered our United States Capitol in absolute awe at age 12 on a school safety patrol field trip. Other visits over time included get-togethers with our North Dakota and Minnesota Representatives and Senators. In 1999, from the Senate gallery, I witnessed the historic closing session of President Clinton’s impeachment trial. I last entered in 2004 to honor President Ronald W. Reagan lying in state under the magnificent Capitol Dome.

Our Capitol is the sacrosanct edifice of freedom and liberty. Under any and all circumstances, crossing fences on Capitol grounds is intolerable. Entering the Capitol building without permission is criminally ignorant. Physically breaking into the Capitol warrants maximum lawful punishment, but absolutely not being arbitrarily executed. Capitol Police officer Michael Byrd has never been charged with the senseless shooting and killing of unarmed, non-threatening veteran Ashli Babbitt on Jan. 6, 2021.

Multiple theories have assigned blame to various individuals and groups for allegedly planning and/or facilitating criminal entry into the Capitol that day. Why did House Speaker Nancy Pelosi flatly deny Capitol police requests to heighten perimeter security?

Speaking of Pelosi, with toady assistance from Rep. Liz Cheney, R-Wyo., she is anxiously striving to convince voters that President Trump was singularly responsible for the Capitol intrusion, thereby disqualifying him from running again in 2024. What these Trump-haters haven’t figured out is their efforts are irrelevant. Trump’s disqualification has already been predominantly assured.

Think about it. Irrespective of who might ultimately be proven to have had roles in planning the Capitol breach, it’s a solid bet that the very fact that the intrusion actually took place has largely eliminated former President Donald Trump from being re-elected. Where would there realistically be enough RINOs (Republicans-in-name-only) and Independents willing to believe Trump was not at least partially answerable for the fiasco?

One year ago, hundreds of lawbreakers waving Trump flags broke into our Capitol. Most simply wandered around like tourists. Whatever their individual motives might have been, those intruders, some knowingly, others unknowingly, guaranteed a one-term presidency for Trump.

That was yesterday! Today, clear-thinking Trump supporters are already looking over the rich field of potential 2024 presidential candidates, identifying new leaders 100% behind Trump’s democracy-saving America first, drain-the-swamp, energy independent and closed-border polices, but without the awkward, irritating language.

In my July 3 column , I wrote that “our focus now needs to be on electing a President in 2024 that all Americans can wholeheartedly support.” Today, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis remains on top of the list. Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is clearly in the running. Sens. Tom Cotton of Arkansas and Tim Scott of South Carolina are attractive options.

These public servants have all demonstrated high intelligence, strong character and personal qualities needed to be standout leaders of our nation. Each would restore pride and unity among Americans and regain proper respect around the world from friend and foe alike.

On this New Years Day, let’s unite behind strong new leadership, renounce the democracy-destroying Biden-Harris socialist cabal and restore America’s forever destiny — Constitutional rights assured for every citizen — the one and only beacon of hope in a dangerously troubled world.