Columnist Angie Wong wrote in the New York Post “I spent three days on the front lines of the Biden administration’s illegal-immigration crisis, and found a Border Patrol that has changed from an enforcement agency to a concierge service. The southern border of the United States has become a suggestion, a line that vanishes a little more each day.”
She continued: “Even if the government wanted to secure the border, there aren’t enough officers to police the hundreds arriving each day. So the Border Patrol has made deals with the devils. Mark Morgan, former commissioner of the U.S. Custom and Border Protection agency, said U.S. officers now coordinate with the cartels and coyotes on where and when drop-offs will happen.”
Commissioner Morgan openly acknowledged criminal Mexican cartels have gained control of the southern border of your country.
Wong witnessed American nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) provide illegal invaders with folders color-coded to pre-determined destinations. 
Each folder contained an airline ticket, a U.S. passport-looking booklet, cash, prepaid credit cards and travel itineraries. 
The cover of each folder read: “PLEASE HELP ME. I DO NOT SPEAK ENGLISH. WHAT PLANE DO I NEED TO TAKE? THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP.”
She flew to Houston with some of the foreign invaders. 
Their NGO handlers got them past immigration and security with “just a flash of documents,” then disappeared. 
She observed women discarding their cartel transit bracelets. 
Many owe money to cartel handlers (captors) for the treacherous journey. 
Imaginary “family members” take some to “safe houses.” 
Run by cartel thugs and landlords getting government subsidies, they are anything but safe. Daily “rent” is allegedly $100.
Not every border trespasser gets that far. 
Some, especially unaccompanied children, die lost and alone in the desert. 
Border Patrol agents led my 2019 Citizen Academy class to a remote, fenceless, unforgiving location on the vast Arizona-Mexico border. 
They told of finding human body parts marked by vultures circling overhead. 
Last week an Arizona BP agent nearly ran over an abandoned 5-week-old baby with his four-wheeler. 
A precious little soul was saved from the vultures.
Angie Wong concluded from her experience: “The entire process is play-acting. Border Patrol pretends to patrol the border. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement pretends to keep tabs on people coming in. 
President Biden and Vice President Harris pretend to say ‘Don’t come here,’ but every signal — from wide-open borders to the NGO welcome mat — says, ‘Come on in!’”
Corroborating Wong’s eye-witness reporting, respected journalists have factually documented the Biden administration has, with no hesitancy, enabled nearly 2 million foreigners, including known terrorists, to illegally invade the United States en masse, fueled by fentanyl smuggling, child sex-trafficking Mexican cartel billionaires and willingly abetted by leftist American NGOs.
Readers, your President and Vice President are intentionally allowing foreign invaders to freely overrun your national borders in direct violation of your laws. 
There is no end in sight.
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are not above your laws. 
The only way to halt their blatant criminal behavior is impeachment, conviction, removal from office and facing a federal grand jury.