It was August 1977. Time to plan our annual father-sons vacation journey. We decided on a cross-country drive down to Disney World. Several days before departing, disc jockeys across America broke the shocking news: “Elvis is dead!”
On a whim, I asked the young boys how they felt about a slight detour. It was no problem for them as long as we ended up at Disney World. Off we headed down Interstate 29 to Kansas City, across Missouri to St. Louis, and then, recalling the lyrics of Paul Simon’s classic song — “I'm going to Graceland, Graceland, Memphis, Tennessee.”
When we reached Memphis, Elvis had just been buried and the cemetery was barricaded. An onlooker there told us officials were responding to a rumor that someone would try to steal the body. Nonetheless, multitudes of grieving fans were “going to Graceland” to gather along the fence on Elvis Presley Boulevard.
The fence held homemade tribute posters, photos, flowers, teddy bears and heart-wrenching, tear-stained letters of undying love and adoration. The stone base was covered with “I love you Elvis” messages written in lipstick. People quietly milled around. Some sat on the sidewalk looking dazed, while others were crying.
A commotion broke out at the famous “music gate.” The boys and I made our way there through the swelling crowd. A large mid-1950s black Cadillac had come down the long circular drive. Out stepped a man with large hair, styled exactly like Elvis. In fact, he looked like an older version of “the King.” He was! It was Elvis’s uncle, Vester Presley.
Vester started taking handfuls of cameras from fans. On a crazy impulse, I reached through the gate to give him my super 8 movie camera along with some rather hurried instructions. Oh boy! What have I done? Up toward the mansion in the old Cadillac drove Uncle Vester with a pile of cameras on the front seat! Many of them were identical. Yikes! Would everyone get their own camera back? Did it even matter?
A month later, back home in Moorhead, the Disney World trip movie films were ready at Grosz Studio. I really didn’t expect much with the Memphis footage. My expectations were met. Uncle Vester must have thought the best technique would be to pan back and forth, up and down, making sure to get everything in as he drove with one hand up the circular drive.
Good intentions for sure, but the result was a dizzying movie of Graceland that looks like it was taken from a roller coaster. It mostly featured the rearview mirror and dashboard but did include a pretty decent shot of the mansion’s front doors!
Forty-five years have passed us by. Graceland is still a hugely popular August tourist destination. Diehard fans still faithfully remember the day Elvis died. And I still own a priceless, one-of-a-kind super 8 movie of Graceland taken by none other than Uncle Vester Presley just a few days after “Elvis had left the building.”
