The alarming acceleration of violent crime in America can be traced to May 25, 2020, the day a Minneapolis police officer killed George Floyd.
Unimpeded riots following Floyd’s death sent a signal to criminals that everything had changed. 
Rioters who ransacked and burned a Minneapolis police precinct and thousands of businesses across the nation faced relatively minor consequences. Images on television communicated to criminals that, because of Floyd’s death at the hands of a police officer, they can get away with carjacking, smash-and-grab robberies and other violent crimes at little or no personal risk.
Black Lives Matter led the way in attacking law enforcement by initiating George Floyd protests that turned violent. 
Anyone challenging unlawful behavior by Black Lives Matter activists was branded a racist by progressives and their mainstream media. 
Black Lives Matter has since been revealed to be an anti-American Marxist movement. 
Three self-proclaimed Marxist founders have deserted Black Lives Matter and purchased million dollar homes. 
Media sources report over $60 million in donations are unaccounted for.
Underlying the deadly increase in crime are widely promoted far-left progressive fabrications that America is a bad country, its entire justice system is systemically racist and police are intentionally killing minorities like George Floyd. 
This column has debunked those accusations with factual federal crime statistics published by The Washington Post.
Energized muggers and carjackers are terrorizing Americans, but not nearly to the level of vicious drug gangs that annually murder hundreds of people, including children, in large cities like Chicago. 
Alarmingly, many progressive district attorneys consider violent drug dealing, various other felonious crimes and even assaulting police officers not worthy of prosecution. 
They outrageously release felons with little or no bail to commit more violent crimes.
FBI statistics indicate murders were up 30% in 2020. 
53% of 21,570 murder victims were African Americans, who make up about 13% of our population. 
In big city African American neighborhoods, where so many of the violent drug gangs commit murders, victimized residents stay silent fearing retribution. 
Mainstream media is mostly silent as well, even as peace officers of multiple races are being shot and killed in record numbers.
Progressives intentionally walk minorities away from the real problems in their neighborhoods. 
Only vitriolic anti-police rhetoric is heard from the Congressional Black Caucus and racial activists like Al Sharpton, while unimpeded murders take place within their communities. 
Sharpton and other race-baiters justify their highly paid status to the African American community by promoting sham anti-police narratives. 
A permanent "victim class" is needed for them to stay in power.
President Joe Biden has once again declared the solution to the violent crime wave is to “eliminate rogue gun dealers.” 
He made no mention of the violent gangs and street criminals that every American knows are the real problem. 
They will always manage to be armed.
What viable solutions might we in this region consider in support of de-escalating violent crime? 
Constructive reader opinions are important. 
As always, productive dialogue necessitates mature responses to others’ opinions, not childish ad hominem attacks on readers and columnists holding those opinions.