During my sometimes wastrel years drifting from school to school this became gradually clear: argumentation even at the top of academia was sometimes an exercise in talking past each other. Basic disagreements were left unrefuted or glossed over. The style seemed to be not to use precious time and space addressing the opponent's points but to make one's own and hope those would overwhelm the other side. If the titans of thinking do this, it's unsurprising that we lesser mortals might do the same.

I took the mask mania to task using mainstream medical articles as sources. My critics and science seem to agree that masks are ineffective in stopping COVID-19 itself, but that that's not their purpose. It's to contain the wearer's spit and mucous which carry the virus, especially useful for doctors around patients with incisions and wounds, and vice versa. But masks everywhere all the time? An ABCNews/Ipsos poll in late June revealed that nearly 90% of Americans claimed to wear masks outside of their homes. Granting all the usual caveats about polls, if this one's numbers are in the ball park how is it that COVID is still around in large numbers? It appears that generally masks haven't worked.

CBS News on August 14 released a video showing the inefficacy of some types of masks, some being worse than no mask at all. We shouldn't be surprised about masks. A resting adult expels about 388 cubic feet of air a day, which if he's infected will cover a considerable space with at least some COVID intruders getting through the masks.
I remarked that an article for the dentistry profession said masks don't work, yet the site is trying to hide that. But truth is truth for everyone, and even for the layperson the author's conclusion is clear. We non-professionals are just not worthy to know the truth in this cowardly time. One critic somehow conjures up the idea that I'm being dismissive of COVID deaths, when in fact I've tried to put the virus into perspective by comparing it to past pandemics, some worse than COVID. We took our losses without losing our liberty, and the economy was unaffected through them all. No tyranny, no financial collapse, no being locked in our basements. Now we have the hysteria of people like CEO Ken Dychtwald of Age Wave, quoted in The Forum as saying “In the past few months, the entire world has had a near-death experience.” Somewhere Spanish flu and Bubonic plague victims are incredulous.

Several critics think I called wearing masks superstitious behavior, when in fact I was quoting a medical expert who was trying to explain the mask mania. (For reasons of space I left her name out, but it's Lynn Bufka, clinical psychologist.) Even the New England Journal of Medicine states that “We know that wearing a mask outside health care facilities offers little, if any, protection from infection...the desire for widespread masking is a reflexive reaction to anxiety over the pandemic.” Masks are a feel-good attempt at comforting ourselves. Understandable, but misguided.

Our ancestors would scorn us, and rightly so.