It was obvious very early on, for those who cared to inform themselves, that the reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic was hugely overblown. People have been forced to cower in their homes, the ill and the elderly obliged to die alone, and large portions of economies crushed with the attendant rise of depression, poverty and disease. Not even during the devastating Spanish flu did America go to such extremes. One might think that a country which casually and remorselessly killed 500,000 Iraqi women and children in the 1990s would be made of sterner stuff.

I've not worried much about contracting COVID, despite one or two “comorbidities.” It's not bravado. Long ago and far away I was a bystander to hostile gun play, although no shots were fired. I assure the reader that I didn't brim with courage. But reading about COVID made me aware that for nearly all of us the odds are heavily in our favor, so voluntarily shrinking into a ball of fear in the basement was never an option.

We've entered a new age. Let's give it a warm, fuzzy title: how about CoronaReich? New York City Mayor de Blasio is closing schools—again. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's administration is responsible for killing an estimated 6,000 people when it ordered COVID patients into nursing and assisted care homes. A grateful 73% of New Yorkers approve of Cuomo's handling of the crisis. What may we conclude from a citizenry this depraved? Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer learned well from Vietnam: sometimes you have to destroy a state to save the state, Michigan Supreme Court's striking down her COVID policy notwithstanding.

Science is useless against a panicked people. There's considerable evidence that masking is ineffective which should at least give pause to those enthusiasts of CoronaReich mandates, that there should be a dent in their adamant certainty. I noted in a previous column a detailed paper by a dentist for dentists why masks don't work. Further, the New England Journal of Medicine quite bluntly stated that “we know that wearing a mask outside health care facilities offers little, if any, protection from infection.” These articles, and others as well, have been withdrawn from their original websites or qualified. Not because the studies were invalid. No, the sites don't dispute the truth of these articles at all. They're withdrawn because they are, to quote the first website, “no longer relevant in the current climate.” Science, meet craven political correctness.

Science is helpless anyway against a trembling, willfully uninformed people. One might as well try to bring down a rhinoceros with a spitball as convince true believers that they might be wrong.

Meanwhile, Denmark has suddenly spiked in COVID cases, England and Israel are applying more draconian measures than ever, and COVID continues to spread across America and Europe—proof that masking, which polls show a large majority of people are doing, isn't working.

Despite their glaring faults, I'll take my stand with those Americans of bygone generations whose resolve and toughness should shame most of us. When I think of America, I think of them.