It's time for a passing nod to the summer of 2020. While destruction ruled many of our cities and panic over COVID-19 caused many to lose their minds, the Nelson family's little patch provided work, satisfaction and distraction as well. We could also call our vanished season the Badger Summer for reasons I'll make clear later.

The first real fruits of the summer were the asparagus from our long rows. We worship at the shrine of asparagus. Cutting it from the garden and walking it straight into the kitchen pot has been a delight for years. It's the only vegetable that is carefully counted and parceled out to each of us, so highly do we esteem it. Not even sweet corn gets this treatment. Our kids won't touch a green bean, but will make sure that they get their share of asparagus. Butter, salt, Thousand Island dressing, or tempura, it's all good with this king of vegetables.

We lost a couple of chickens, thinking that nature made us pay a toll to a fox. We soon discovered the problem was badgers. Even reinforcing the chicken coop later didn't keep them out, and in one night they slaughtered the entire flock. And made their home under our porch which has an 18-inch-high crawl space exposed to the world. I've never used traps bigger than those for pocket gophers but was introduced to the 330 conibear trap, a formidable device that was hard to set and hazardous to the novice. Repeatedly we set the trap outside and then pushed it under the porch and over the badger hole with me squirming behind it. The hole was so big a second 330 was necessary.

I sweated each time, wondering what would happen if that huge badger sow came boiling out of its burrow to take me on in that dim foot-and-a-half-high underworld, with hasty retreat impossible. Still, we managed to trap all four of them.

Our cherry tomatoes did well, but not so much the full-sized tomatoes. Our favorite Prudens Purple didn't thrive, although the fruit we did get was excellent as usual. Burning tomato vines will be a must from now on. But the apple trees did well. Several years ago we planted a Wodarz and a Frostbite apple tree, as well as a crabapple. The Wodarz is a large, pale yellowish-green apple which is good but not spectacularly so. The Frostbite is outstanding: medium-sized, a dark red color, firm flesh and a slight spicy undertone. Not especially applely in flavor but a keeper nonetheless.

Connell Red apples are our favorite apple of all, including store-bought. We planted two trees many years ago and both thrived until the meltwater of 2009 killed both. So we planted yet again and this tree has started to come into its own. Large, tomato-shaped fruit, with a perfect blend of sweet, tart and apple flavor. My thanks to my uncle who introduced us to this fruit long ago.

Voltaire metaphorically advised in “Candide” that we should tend our own gardens. He had a point.