"White people make my blood boil...I had fantasies of unloading a revolver into the head of any white person that got in my way, burying their body and wiping my bloody hands as I walked away...” Dr. Aruna Khilanani lecture at the Yale School of Medicine's Child Study Center.

“The Census data collected from the 2020 Census... revealed that the number of White people in the U.S. has fallen for first [sic] time since the first Census was taken in 1790. In other words, best day ever in U.S. history.” Michael Moore tweet.

Do you want more examples of anti-white bigotry? There are truckloads of similar quotes from the famous and the elite. Yet Doug Hamilton, who has emailed me repeatedly, is shocked—shocked!—that I would put a name on the obvious. Understand, we're not supposed to notice such things. Evidently recognizing this hatred would be a symptom of white privilege. Hamilton also accuses me of lumping him in with “anti-white bigotry.” I didn't, but if the shoe fits. ... He's clearly oikophobic about North Dakota culture and people.

Speaking of white privilege, the notion is pure bunk. Since The Forum and Hamilton have no problem with publishing private correspondence, allow me to introduce his non-answer to my question whether he had ever gotten a free ride from white privilege: “I was very fortunate to have my parents and the support of many others during my life and various careers.” But that's not what I asked. The question was: did he ever get any favor in his career because he was white? I will defend him and assert that he didn't, that he worked his way up through diligence and talent.

I will say the same for my own much blander life. Never did I get a break on getting into college, or successfully challenging by essay that university's English credits requirement, taking the Graduate Record Examination, the Law School Admission Test, or from any university I subsequently attended. There was never a slap on the back or a wink and a nod. No employer ever intimated that I was hired because I was white, and I've probably done more employment scut work than anyone reading this. You may have already read of my encounters with law enforcement for essentially driving at night (although I did get one daytime speeding ticket which was thrown out when the citing officer didn't show). White privilege is a myth.


However, I believe that class privilege is real. That's why O.J. Simpson beat the murder rap, Jussie Smollett was initially let off easy for lying about getting mugged by rednecks, and Hunter Biden hasn't been charged for illegally possessing a handgun.

Critics didn't attempt to refute a single fact I brought up in the disputed columns nor show where the conclusions went awry, with one exception. Good on that commenter for actually trying to respond with reason. Another critic did say on Inforum's Facebook that I should be dead. This is goo-goo America, where feelings and chin-busting knee jerks have replaced any kind of argumentation and reasoning. Note, leftists: “Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.”