How the mighty are fallen. With the onset of the Christmas season the Salvation Army's recent turn to woke leftism has been in the news. The Army has long been a trusted recipient of donations, a non-political and efficient dispenser of aid to the needy. My wife and I taught our children to drop our family donations into the red kettle. Times have changed, though. Following the lead of much of society's decline, the Army's ranks have now absorbed crackpot ideology.

The religion now has a “diversity, equity and inclusion” bureaucracy, a move cribbed from Black Lives Matter and other hard-left groups. The result is stark: in an internal guide titled “Let's Talk About Racism” the church states that “we must stop denying the existence of individual and systemic racism. They exist, and are still at work to keep white Americans in power.” It seems that after condemning racism it proceeds to call whites—all whites evidently—racist.

It also urges its members to “stop trying to be colorblind.” This advice fits neatly into the modern reversal of the outmoded idea that we should judge people “not by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.” The Salvation Army and its cohorts have now branded those such as Martin Luther King, Jr., as racists. While the Army bids us not to be racist on one hand, on the other hand it explicitly shoves race front and center to make us dwell on it and judge by it incessantly. Consistency and clear thinking have never been the woke left's purview.

Indeed, wokeness contradicts itself endlessly. Naturally, self-contradiction as a stumbling block to clear thinking is now considered an obsolete white construct that gets in the way of where we should be going. The Army retorts that it bases its beliefs on the Bible, yet it condemns an entire population of America as bigoted. I must have missed that biblical reference while playing hooky from Sunday School.

It also repeatedly refers to racism as sinful and yet proclaims that there's “no scientific or religious foundation” to the existence of race. In other words, it accuses white America of racism while denying that race even exists. And of course, we all know that there's no such thing as a racist of color anyway—racism comes in just one shade only.

The Salvation Army under pressure has retracted the Guide for further consideration. But the cat's out of the bag. It denies claiming that white Americans are intrinsically racist—you may judge for yourself if this denial rings true—but we now know of its new-found wokeness that lies underneath its veil of “ move along, there's nothing to see here.”

It's true that we're all fallible. Also true is that the Army's Guide was meant for its members, and how it treats or accuses them is its affair, not ours. But for me and my house, we are reconsidering giving to the kettles. There are many worthy charities out there to which we can directly give our two mites. The Army's lapse into racist and hypocritical ideology is disheartening but of a piece with our times. Nonetheless, a Merry Christmas to all.