We celebrate Constitution Day like we celebrate Halloween. We don't really believe in either one but it's fun to pretend we do. It's hard to say when the Constitution first became an ossified document fit for the trash bin of history. Was it under FDR's revolutionary policies, or as some think, goes all the way back to Lincoln? Perhaps the rot goes farther back still. Secretary of State Abel Upshur in 1843 wrote what is probably the definitive defense of the Constitution. In it he stated that America's founding charter was already enfeebled and ignored, that “the actual practice of the federal government” and the “strong tendencies of public opinion in favor of federal power” gave him little hope of a successful response except by a very few of the old school.

He was prophetic. His contemporary Henry Clay advocated the American System, which among other things pushed for federal pork projects across America. Various presidents from Jefferson to Cleveland resisted, stating that the Constitution authorized no such federal spending. As you can see, these presidents' views have been decisively rejected—most federal spending now is unconstitutional but highly popular. The lure of sticking one's snout in the trough slopped by the feds is far stronger than any airy considerations of liberty or principle.

Witness North Dakota's Sens. John Hoeven and Kevin Cramer's vote for the pork-laden $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill. By chumming the water they hope to slake the Democrat sharks' endless greed for greater spending. What they will get is an even hungrier Democratic Party which has tasted the blood of trillions of dollars of deficit spending and wants more. What our senators have shown is that they are Democrat-Lites who happily will bury our children and grandchildren with debt beyond reckoning—already servicing the debt costs $400 billion a year while the principal mounts without check. Principled statesmen would carefully regard and understand the Constitution and the oaths they swore to it. Politicians can read the Constitution anywhere, it being printed on all the carpets and toilet paper in the Capitol and White House.

Needless to say, paper mache conservatives are all for this deficit spending. Why, look at all the pork that will be dumped on North Dakota. Bridges and highways and high speed Internet and other goodies, paid for by other people and our posterity. We can party now and let later generations pick up the tab while putting the torch to our principles (if any) and the Constitution. Let the good times roll. Immoral? Of course. Anybody care? Of course not.

We have to wonder if these greedmongers ever wondered under what justification do we think ourselves entitled to have, say, Mississippi help pay for our road construction, or North Dakota to help pay for refurbishing a bridge in Idaho. Impossible for the states to act without federal aid? The Erie Canal was the biggest American public work of its time and built entirely with state funds.


Maybe there's a spark left. Gov. Doug Burgum recently wrote that “The White House needs to be reminded that the states created the federal government, not the other way around...” That's the beginning of constitutional wisdom.