“Our election was hijacked. There is no question.” Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi tweet, May 2017.

It's clear that “whataboutism” has direct relevance in the matter of President Trump's January 6 speech. If Pelosi can't be condemned for her words months after the 2016 election, then neither can President Trump. Objectivity is a difficult position for the left to take, but it should try anyway.

The Democratic clown show is an instance of what happens when insensate hate overthrows small minds. The hatred for then-President Bill Clinton wouldn't fill a thimble compared to the acetylene fury we see now. Winning the dubious presidential election isn't enough; Democrats must plow under everything Trump and sow salt on it. They've conjured up an evidenceless impeachment charge of incitement regarding the invasion of the Capitol the day of Trump's speech. There's just this little problem: according to the New York Times the mob forced its way into the Capitol a half hour before Trump finished his speech. It's a two mile hike between Trump's location and the Capitol, so the mob would have heard little or nothing of his “incendiary” speech.

In that speech at 18:16 Trump said “everyone here will soon be marching over to the Capitol building to peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard.” And later “we are determined to defend and preserve government of the people, by the people, and for the people.” Talk about radical stuff.

Harvard's Noah Feldman noted that Trump's call for a protest was “perfectly lawful and constitutionally protected.” But bigotry will have its way. The buffoons at Twitter banned Trump because he declared he wouldn't attend Joe Biden's inauguration and—brace yourselves—those who voted for him “will have a giant voice long into the future.” That's it. I doubt that the twits at Twitter are that idiotic, but I do believe they are that bigoted.

Trump Derangement Syndrome has affected others who should know better. Forum columnist Rob Port's steady receding from any kind of coherent conservatism showed in his column about whether Trump support was worth it. How little he understands conservatism. Conservatives look at given choices and choose the lesser evils. They support Trump even fully knowing his character. Why? Because they realize Trump is the only major Republican who at least pays lip service to what they believe in. Which of these GOP swamp dwellers could they rely on to not cave year after year? Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan, Mitt Romney? It is to laugh.

Port uses genial, avuncular Ronald Reagan in contrast to Trump. Yes, the Reagan who boosted federal deficits through the roof, tried illegally to assassinate Libya's Gaddafi but only managed to kill his two-year-old daughter, called the murderous Nicaraguan contras “the moral equals of the founding fathers,” whose economy was inferior to Trump's, and signed the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act which granted amnesty to illegal immigrants. Since immigrants vote 75-80 percent Democrat, Port's favorite president helped ensure that the GOP will become extinct someday.

White-hot, irrational hate doesn't lead to intelligent thought. It's disgraceful that Americans refuse to inform themselves.