Given America's collapse into a maelstrom of endless charges of racism, perhaps an anecdotal defense against such is called for. Let me offer a thumbnail autobiographical sketch. It's an unremarkable, even boring story, so I ask the reader's patience. There's a point to it.

Most of my years growing up were without running water. In my early childhood years in rural Glyndon, Minn., we had an old-fashioned hand pump as a water supply. Fortunately it was situated right in the kitchen. That old farmhouse's wiring was thoroughly decrepit and the place burned down about a year after we moved out. No one was living in it at the time.

When my family moved to Georgetown, Minn., (forever my hometown) we briefly had running water until the well went dry. Another well was dug but was also dry, and such wells have to be paid for too. It was financially infeasible for us to keep drilling, so we hauled water for years in milk cans and buckets in whatever old vehicle was available.

Much later I was encouraged to go to college. I chose Moorhead State University (now Minnesota State University-Moorhead) because it was nearby, reasonably priced, and my parents allowed me to live at home as long as I was a student. No charge for room and board, but chores including water-hauling were part of the deal. I worked full-time in the summer (during one summer at part- and full-time jobs) and Christmas vacations, part-time most of the rest of the year.

While inner city residents complain about jobs being miles away from their homes, I commuted 15 miles or so each way for Moorhead jobs and school and 20 miles for Fargo jobs, and did so in some of the most clapped-out vehicles you can imagine. I graduated debt-free with a good education and took courses from the extraordinary Dr. Joseph Miller. I've written of him before.


Click here for more from Forum columnist Ross Nelson.

Years later and several states away I broke a dearth of jobs by cleaning and taking care of two city parks. That was an education, and may the lout who repeatedly defecated in the urinals that I had to clean be constipated all the days of his life.

Years later I remarked on my six months of unemployment to a Black co-worker who laughed and asked: Try being unemployed for six years. But I had to wonder. I took any job I could no matter how menial — did his acquaintance do the same?

My point: Can someone point out to me anywhere in this humdrum account where I enjoyed “white privilege”? Is there anything I did that couldn't be duplicated or bettered by anyone of any color — not 80 years ago, but since the 1970s?

This is neither sob story nor complaint; it was a pretty good life all around and a far cry from those who came up from nothing against fierce odds to make a great mark in life. Perhaps flyweights Ibram X. Kendi or Robin DiAngelo can show how my path was paved with privilege and a culture bent on smoothing the way for whites. If they can't, they should practice silence.