What an accomplished life Colin Powell led. At various times he was a four-star general, Secretary of State, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and commander of the U.S. Army Forces Command. In retirement he was a highly prized speaker and author, and so popular he got three electoral votes in the 2016 presidential election even though he wasn't a candidate.

Yet he was a bona fide member of the U.S. War Party, the party that subsumes both the GOP and Democratic Parties and that has held sway since World War II. President George W. Bush had already decided to make war on Iraq on specious grounds but wanted international opinion on his side. Who better than the well-respected Secretary of State Powell to address the United Nations in a call to arms? Previously Powell looked at the intelligence reports on Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction and support of terrorism and called them “[male bovine manure].” Years before that he had reported that Iraq hadn't “any significant development with respect to weapons of mass destruction.” But there he was at the U.N., waving a vial of fake anthrax around.

Knowing all this he nonetheless chose to blow the trumpet for war, making his speech a concoction of lies he later called a “blot” on his career. What if he had told the truth or resigned instead of disgracing himself? What if hundreds of thousands of people didn't have to die for lies spread by Powell and the Bush administration? We'll never know for sure, but he could have thrown a mighty wrench into the Bush war machine.

We may ask why he folded. He said it himself: “What choice did I have? He [Bush] is the president.” Powell was loyal to a very large, blood-soaked fault. He should have heeded Wisconsin Sen. Robert LaFollette's anguished plea against President Wilson's call for war against Germany in World War I: “What if the president is wrong?” What indeed? It's a question that Americans have not asked themselves but once when it comes to war for at least 150 years, especially from the 20th century on.

Thus the swooning and apple-polishing that accompany the deaths of some famous American politicians, such as John McCain, somehow pass over the horrendous damage those politicians caused in their warmongering. It's a national character flaw in America that we rightly decry murder in our streets but blithely skip, to be frank, by millions of casualties our incessant warmongering piles up.


The difference between Powell's and, say, General Mark Milley's actions is that the former didn't have to lie but could have tried dissuasion or resigned to stop an oncoming fiasco. He was dishonest but not treasonous. The latter practiced treason against a president and America because he believed, in his stupor, that his Commander in Chief might do something drastically wrong otherwise. Unlike Powell he had no facts to back what he believed but chose what was essentially a military coup anyway.

Neither “just following orders” nor “just disobeying civilian leadership for delusional reasons” is acceptable.