Gary, Minnesota, is a small town not far from Fargo-Moorhead and the home of Arnold Andring. As part of the Army Reserve he was whisked off in 1950 to fight in Korea—what President Truman called a “police action”-- where he was captured by the Chinese, maltreated, and died in a POW camp. His remains were returned to Gary more than 60 years later. He is what Memorial Day is supposed to be about: a remembrance of soldiers killed in America's many wars, not an exercise in chest-thumping militarism. It should bring to our minds regret for those we lost and a rekindled desire to not lose more for unnecessary reasons.

America, like the wont of all powerful nations, has become not just an imperial power but one that wages endless war against nations across the earth, wars that are typically aggressive. We have pledged our blood and money in seven major “defensive” pacts and have trip wires everywhere. We have fought and currently threaten to fight in areas and countries that have little to no importance to us or our security. We unleashed a tsunami of blood and suffering in such far-off places as Vietnam and Iraq for no coherent defensive reason.

There is a close predecessor to our imperialism: Great Britain. In 1823 cleric Sydney Smith beseeched Countess Grey, wife of Charles Grey who would later be Prime Minister, that “for God's sake do not drag me into another war.” Smith listed the unhappy fates of the Greeks, the Jews, the Sandwich Islands, and others. “The world is bursting with sin and sorrow. Am I to be champion of the Decalogue, and to be eternally raising fleets and armies to make all men good and happy?” The comparison is apt.

Liberals want America to spill blood everywhere to force democracy, freedom, and other values on peoples that may not want or be ready for them. It never occurs to liberals that visiting slaughter and deprivation on these countries not only does them no good but also damages America. Conservatives mindlessly push for war as a first response to show that America means business, that no one can push us around or even offend our tender sensibilities. That constant war and militarism guarantee an ever larger federal leviathan, supposedly anathema to conservatives, seems to escape them.

Perhaps the solution to militarism and empire lies in the soliloquy of the James Garner character in the movie“The Americanization of Emily”: “We shall never end wars, Mrs. Barham, by blaming it on the ministers and generals, or warmongering imperialists...It's the rest of us who build statues to these generals and name boulevards after those ministers. The rest of us who make heroes of our dead and shrines of our battlefields. We wear our widow's weeds like nuns, Mrs. Barham, and perpetuate war by exalting its sacrifices...May be ministers and generals who blunder us into wars, Mrs. Barham, the least the rest of us can do is to resist honoring the institution.”


It's a long way from Minnesota to North Korea. Maybe Arnold Andring should have been allowed to be the farmer he wanted to be.