Leftists are still getting the vapors just thinking about Donald Trump. The Orange Man haunts their every waking moment and stars in their worst nightmares. They've doubtless given up orange juice and pumpkins. What leftists in their pathological depravity think would be the end of the “American experiment” if Trump were re-elected is already happening elsewhere: The military has usurped civilian control of itself.

Unlike many countries that play musical chairs with military coups and interchangeable juntas, America's Constitution made it clear that civilians were to have dominance over the military at all times. This is no longer the case. According to Bob Woodward's book “Peril,” Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Mark Milley secretly contacted his Chinese counterpart to assure him that President Trump wouldn't be permitted to attack China. Milley then persuaded other top commanders not to follow presidential orders without his (Milley's) approval. Milley hasn't denied the story. His action and the other officers' craven acquiescence is a crossing of the Rubicon in American history.

As one writer pointed out, if the Pentagon is independent of civilian control then it is free to start wars on its own. There's a further irony. Milley, apparently bedazzled by all the Cracker Jack toys pinned to his chest, somehow considered Trump to be potentially out of control and a danger to America and the world. Yet Trump, while utterly typical of most presidents in the past century in his bombing exploits, started no new wars. Compare that to Bill Clinton's Kosovo adventure, George W. Bush's lunatic wars on Iraq and Afghanistan, and Barack Obama's undeclared wars against Syria and Libya, not to mention his brag about bombing seven different countries.

It seems that knowledge of recent history is no requirement for our brilliant generals. Yet Milley, the leader of what is now the federal government's fourth branch, sits undisturbed. No investigation, no court-martial, no stripping him or the other officers of position and pension, no charge of treason. These are the “perfumed princes” Lt. Colonel David Hackworth warned us about years ago.

Admittedly Trump was swayed by all that shiny Pentagon brass, many members of which backstabbed him. Without a scintilla of evidence former and retired generals accused Trump of being a Putin patsy, a Nazi, a threat to national security, and someone to be replaced “the sooner the better” to save the Republic—all of this contrary to the Uniform Code of Military Justice which applies to retired and active officers. Does anyone remember when President Truman disciplined General MacArthur for less?


Now we have Trump's last Secretary of Defense, Mark Esper, piling on. He lately claims that he worked to make sure Trump didn't send soldiers to restore order to America's burning cities or to safeguard the Inauguration, because then “we would have had active-duty troops on the streets...with rifles and bayonets.”

From what ditch does the Deep State dredge up these ignoramuses? Victor Davis Hanson notes that over a dozen times presidents have sent soldiers into American cities to stop rioting and looting. But Esper is clueless.

The American Experiment is indeed ending, as all things do eventually. We had a pretty good run.