Lincoln once stated that “a house divided against itself cannot stand.” We saw a shocking inkling of that when hundreds of pro-Trump rioters stormed the U.S. Capitol to reject the electoral count. One was shot to death. They are, along with North Dakota Rep. Kelly Armstrong, “outraged at the significant abuses in our election system resulting from adoption of mail-in ballots and the lack of safeguards.... “

In light of Armstrong's caveats, we may dismiss leftist criticism that President Trump is unjustifiably resisting the presidential election outcome. KFGO's radio talk show host Joel Heitkamp said he was most concerned about Trump undermining trust in America's elections. Did he ever take Hillary Clinton and her Deep State pals to the woodshed for years-long lying that Russia enabled Trump's treasonous victory?
There are charges of ballot shifting, midnight counting after observers left, Dominion voting machine chicanery, the use of drop boxes with no chain of custody, and other shaky practices. Typically but not always courts have thrown these charges out on procedural grounds, not on their merits. They lacked “standing,” or evidence that the plaintiffs were harmed by the disputed action. Thus we don't know and may never know if any of these cases were legitimate objections to the presidential election's result. A great stir has been made about the Dominion machines. Apparently some have Internet connections that they weren't supposed to, which give at least the appearance of being hackable. Texas rejected the machines last year because, as that state's Attorney General said, “It was determined they were not accurate and that they failed--they had a vulnerability to fraud and unauthorized manipulation.” And historically nobody beats Democrats when it comes to election fraud.


Affidavits (which are admissible in court) of corruption, miscounting, and irregular practices in handling ballots have been delivered by the wheelbarrow to no effect (a point raised during the electoral count by 70 GOP representatives rejecting Michigan's votes). Was there enough tainted ballot counting in the main battleground states to change Joe Biden's victory to defeat? Probably so in Georgia, which split almost evenly between the two candidates. But even if Trump could claim its electoral votes Biden would still have the lead.

Accusations that Pennsylvania unconstitutionally and by its own laws illegally changed its voting rules seem facially obvious. That's why Texas brought suit against it and three other states to the United States Supreme Court. The charge is that using COVID-19 as an excuse those states “usurped their legislatures' authority and unconstitutionally revised their...election statutes.” What business is it of Texas? Its argument boils down to this: American citizens' voting rights are affected by national elections. Thus states have standing against those states which have forfeited legality and constitutionality in casting ballots for a national office. However the Supreme Court didn't buy it, despite two of the Justices correctly maintaining that it was obliged to accept the state vs. state suit.

Trump supporters were drastically wrong to use violence. It makes them look like antifa. But they might have reason for smelling something unsavory in this election.