Salvation for the Coronareich has arrived just in the nick of time. People were beginning to resist its despotism, small businesses were beginning to thrive somewhat (large corporations battened on the pandemic all the while), Anthony Fauci's incessant fish-out-of-water flip-flopping was wearing thin, and the New Normalcy hadn't quite finished off the old normalcy. Then the coronavirus, doing what viruses do, presented us with: Omicron. Be patient, folks. The Greek alphabet still has 20 letters to go, although perhaps eventually we'll have to name the variants as we do hurricanes. Viz., Hurricane Safetyism, Hurricane Tyranny, and so forth.

New York City will now force vaccinations on everyone, including children. Already jackboots have been taken out of the closet, cleaned and polished. The city's previous draconian measures worked so well, why not more of the same? Interestingly, the bluer the locality, generally the greater the tyranny of lockdowns and forced masking (except for their leaders, of course—masking is for peons), but the higher their rates of COVID infections. Meanwhile freer locales like Texas and Florida are faring better.

For those with eyes to see, there's a world of data out there which throws doubt on many of the Coronareich's claims. Do vaccines work? CDC Director Rochelle Walensky, looking at all of the vaccines' quick waning and hence ineffectiveness, remarked that the U.S. “may need to update” what full vaccination means. Do you think two jabs are enough? You might have to start queueing up now for many more jabs to come, possibly for the rest of your lives if flu vaccines are any example. She also said that the vaccines are working very well, “but what they can't do anymore is prevent transmission.”

But transmission is the whole purpose of vaccination of small children, since they're already virtually immune to serious COVID effects. So what's the point of vaccinating everyone if transmission is inevitable, other than tyranny? It's very hard to not adopt the conspiracy notion that the Coronareich is all about control, not our health. Why else would President Biden and his gang of despots want to force citizens to be vaccinated while quite deliberately allowing millions of unexamined illegals into the country, tens of thousands of whom carry the coronavirus?

Austria, appropriately the home of the new Fourth Reich, will mandate full (whatever that means) vaccinations for everyone or levy huge fines. Two-thirds of its population is vaccinated but COVID is still on the rise. One might think that the higher the vaccination rate the lower the infection and serious illness rates—not on a one-to-one ratio since no vaccine is perfect, but to have some significant effect. Vaccines have failed in places such as Gibraltar with a 99% fully vaccinated rate but is now in the midst of a large upward spike in cases. Or Singapore and Denmark. Or Vermont, with its 71% vaxxed rate, still having its highest single-day caseload ever on Nov. 10th.

During the Spanish flu pandemic no businesses were shuttered, nobody was locked in his room, no proto-fascist governments were grinding their iron heels into people's faces, just city or state mild restrictions on public gatherings. We're a different, less worthy people now.