Who would have thought that so many bigots and racists would populate The Forum with their comments? 
Letter writer Jake Luse disagrees with columnist Bette Grande's take on public decorum by denigrating her as a “wealthy white woman” : a trifecta of wealthism, racism and sexism. 
He goes on to call her a Caucasian, that being apparently a matter-of-fact slur against an entire race. 
It's noteworthy that this kind of racism is acceptable while substituting any other race for white or Caucasian violates the holy of holies in the temple of political correctness.
Dick Dubord's letter pounds away on this same theme. 
Columnist Mike Hulett is guilty of “whitesplaining” and Dubord throws in the ultimate insult: he's an old white guy. 
The horror of it all-being white made all the worse by being old and male. 
Old white male racism (is there any other kind?) is a predominant theme now, bruited about everywhere. 
Strangely enough, it's often uttered by old white males who lack the ability to sniff out zeitgeists and fads made of baloney. 
Age does not always confer wisdom or wit.
Take Stash Hempeck's tirade against Hulett . 
He implies that if one is white he cannot begin to say anything about racism. 
This is a remarkable statement. 
Somehow whiteness makes those so accursed with that color unable to see, understand or talk about racism. 
What nonsense on stilts. 
There are racists of every color, age, income and gender possible. 
Even social justice workers admitted that the four Chicago blacks who tortured the mentally disabled white kid while yelling such things as “(Expletive) white people” were racist. 
They were tried for hate crimes.
Of course, most of us haven't had the enlightenment Hempeck gained from “anti-racism” workshops he attended while teaching at a university. 
Must we take seriously professorial savants who are spreading the gospel of anti-racism by making racist, universal statements about whites and white privilege? 
But even with all of this indoctrination Hempeck still thinks he's incapable—by his aged white maleness, mind you—to define racism.
Definitions can be tricky because one counterexample can wreck them. 
Still, a working definition of racism is possible: it is an unfavorable opinion of a race or ethnicity for no factual reason (incredibly in the modern mind it also includes a favorable opinion based on fact if it distinguishes one group from another); or the unfounded belief that bars a race from rights recognized in others in the same setting. 
One may disagree with this definition on logical or empirical grounds, but certainly not on the color of its author.
Hempeck talks about racial income disparities that are of course the fault of white privilege. 
Oddly enough it seems his politically correct indoctrination passed over the point that East Asian Americans and Jewish Americans fare as well or better than whites economically and scholastically. 
It's a strange kind of white privilege that allows other racial and ethnic groups to prosper more than those old, white men and women. 
But as I'm an old white male, bigots wouldn't expect my inexorable racial programming to say anything different.
