It's time for the liars, seditious coup plotters, and their media allies to take a bow. They could look at the 2020 presidential election and unfurl a “Mission Accomplished” banner. Former FBI lawyer Kevin Clinesmith just received a love tap on the wrist for erasing part of an email that noted former President Trump campaign adviser Carter Page was connected to the CIA. The FBI wanted FISA permission to continue surveilling Page in an effort to tie Trump to Russian election meddling. Page's CIA alignment weakened its dishonest application. Clinesmith's punishment? A year's probation. The Deep State truly nurtures its own.

But Clinesmith is small fry in a large lake of corrupt federal scammers. The high-echelon plot to overthrow Trump started even before his election victory. High-ranking FBI agent Peter Strzok reassured FBI agent Lisa Page's plaintive “he's [Trump] not ever going to become president, right?” with “No, no he won't. We'll [the FBI] stop it.” Banana republics could take lessons from our high-level government officials on how to undermine a presidential campaign and an elected president.

James Comey's FBI reacted quickly to Trump's election. It used the infamous Steele dossier as evidence of the need to surveil Carter Page, despite its baseless claims and shaky provenance. The FBI in its application to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court also somehow omitted that the dossier was paid for by the Hillary Clinton campaign. In fact, in October 2020 the Director of National Intelligence released former CIA chief Brennan's notes on Clinton's plan to use false Russia collusion charges against candidate Trump to “distract” from “her use of a private email server.”


As we all know, Special Prosecutor Mueller found that the Steele file had zero evidence of collusion. But he knew this years before the report was released.

The media played their part in the insurrection against the executive branch. The New York Times in August 2016 made it known that it would suspend the normal rules of reporting in Trump's case. Twitter and Facebook played their roles in blocking the New York Post's article on Joe Biden's son Hunter and his laptop computer which is filled with juicy secrets about his Ukraine and China dealings. That's the same laptop that's now the ballyhooed subject of several legitimate investigations, but to social media we can only say: Well played. The Post was unblocked after the damage was done.

Among the endless biased articles in the media let's not forget National Public Radio's Terence Samuel's dismissal of the laptop story: “We don't want to waste our time on stories...that are pure distractions.[T]his was a politically driven event and we decided to treat it that way.” You must wonder why then NPR felt free to megaphone every lie and unproven allegation against Trump if its standards are so strict. Not a cent of taxes should go to further this bigotry.

The third group that played a role is the incurious public. Those who relied solely on mainstream media were both under- and misinformed. The least a citizen should do is go beyond the biased pap offered up by one-sided news groups and then act.