Once again the Coronareich rears its hideous head, sending its despotic minions out to terrorize and confuse the populace. Despite a vast array of charts, graphs and studies showing at a minimum that there are sound reasons to reject or at least qualify the Coronareich's policies, many of us are caving again. Compare us to our ancestors during the Asian pandemic in 1957-58 who suffered no lockdowns, no tyranny, no threats of exclusion from grocery stores and mass transportation. No “your papers please” (i.e. vaccine passports) or wearing colored bracelets like some NFL players have to. Are scarlet letters next?

Highly qualified John Hardie in 2016 dismantled the rationale of masking by studying real science—the type Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., praises but wouldn't recognize if it tripped her—and showed the inefficacy of masking. The medical site memory-holed the article not because it was disproven, but inappropriate during the Coronareich's current reign. The stench of poltroonish political correctness is all over this one. Facts? We don't need no stinking facts. Cringing in our basements will suffice.

Recently the United Kingdom, Israel, and Iceland—the latter two being nearly 100% vaccinated—have suffered a huge surge in COVID cases, many from the Delta variant. (Incidentally, there are more variants coming: the Lambda, the C.1.2, etc., just like viruses are wont to do.) Except for Iceland they, and President Biden, are pushing for booster shots since the Pfizer vaccine is rapidly waning in its effectiveness. How does a shot of gene therapy once or twice a year for the rest of your lives sound? The upside is that we could get our shots and our wool sheared at each visit.


Iceland hasn't achieved herd immunity. Its chief epidemiologist Gudnason says to “let us tolerate the infection” and let “the virus run,” taking special precautions for those most at risk. Britain's Oxford team suggests stopping mass testing and allow Brits to learn to live with COVID. The infamous Provincetown, Mass., COVID surge cases consisted of 75% vaccinated people, leading the CDC to provisionally conclude that the vaxxed are as likely to spread COVID as the unvaxxed.

The Coronareich's case continues to crumble. The New York Times notes that plastic barriers don't work and might even worsen the COVID spread. Bloomberg News reports that “the vaccinated are worried and scientists have no answer.”

The bulk of evidence so far indicates that natural immunity (those previously infected) is superior to vaccine immunity. For example, medRxiv's paper, not yet peer reviewed, reveals that natural immunity gives longer and stronger protection against infection and hospitalization. This matters, because in North Dakota alone some 112,000 people have tested positive for COVID, including me last November. It was extremely mild despite my retirement age and Type 2 diabetes. We the naturally immunized (40 million Americans so far) are the third option between vaccinated and not, yet our category is completely ignored by everyone.

Who knows what's next? I've survived every China-spawned pandemic since 1957 but the next variant, or the next novel coronavirus, may yet do me in. If so, I hope I have the courage to not crush my fellow Americans to avoid it.

Erratum: I lately referred to bin Laden as Egyptian. Of course he was a Saudi. Even Homer nods.