Former Rep. John Shadegg, R-Ariz., tilted at windmills with his “Enumerated Powers Act” years ago. He proposed to make it mandatory for every congressional bill, as one writer put it, “to identify where in the Constitution it's authorized.” Needless to say, it failed because it would have stymied most of what Congress does. As Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi already has, Congress would mock such constitutional observances.
But James Madison would agree with Shadegg: he vetoed a federal spending bill for internal improvements, saying that Congress had no constitutional power for that. James Buchanan believed likewise, deep-sixing federal funding for enlarging a river bottom. Grover Cleveland stifled a bill giving aid to drought-stricken farmers in Texas, saying that the charity of their countrymen would come through and that “I can find no warrant in the Constitution” for that purpose.
So when our modern politicians roll out the pork for internal improvements, understand that they're acting unconstitutionally and shattering the oath they swore. (I know it's a quaint notion for politicians to act within the reins of our founding document.) It's not that many of these projects aren't needed, but that there's no license to fund them with federal largesse. The result would be, as Buchanan presciently noted in his veto message, a vastly bloated national government. It's entirely irrelevant if both parties vote for the pork if it's wrong and illegal.
The Infrastructure Act is, for the most part, an unconstitutional law. Further, it's funded partly by COVID funds—all of which are borrowed and add to inflation. And contrary to some opinions we are taxed for the act, not formally but through that same inflation that strips us of our purchasing power.
As I've explained elsewhere, sustained inflation is only possible with a money supply, e.g. deficit spending, that outstrips the supply of goods and services. There's also an immoral element to the act and all its illicit siblings: who pays for them? We are dumping tens of trillions of dollars of debt on our posterity to pay, a yoke we gladly drape on its shoulders. Eat, drink, and be merry, for our descendants will pay for the party. After all, what have they done for us lately?
Remarkably politicians have justified taking money from one state to assist another with its projects on the ground that we must all prosper together or else. Let's go with that and see what we discover. When New York City went bankrupt in 1975 through corruption and mismanagement it was your duty and mine, here in North Dakota, to bail it out. When Baltimore spends $22,000 annually on each public school student but turns out zero percent proficient at math and 77% of its high school students reading below their grade level and even at the kindergarten level, then it behooves us to pony up and double or triple Baltimore's educational funding. Surely we should have been taxed here to help out the costly overruns of California's Bay Area Rapid Transit or Boston's Big Dig. Perhaps a modest 30% surcharge on North Dakotan taxes to help our struggling fellow citizens?
Never mind that doing so rewards incompetence and dishonesty while shredding the Constitution. After all, we're all in this together, right?