How much damage can one man do in one year? 
As it turns out, quite a lot. 
A review of President Biden's first year in office is in order. 
Although I'm no Donald Trump fan, his policies compare quite well to Biden's rolling catastrophes.
Biden has dismantled almost any sort of border control, allowing hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens in to disperse. 
He fails as an executive to enforce the nation's laws. 
He is also permitting the hidden, often nighttime plane transfers of illegal aliens throughout America, marking his as a criminal administration. 
Biden wished to force citizens to get vaccinated while illegals with COVID are free to enter and spread the disease.
Inflation reached its highest point in 40 years recently. 
At 7% inflation purchasing power will shrink by half in 10 years, dooming most retirees to penury. 
Under Donald Trump inflation was low and employment high for all, especially minorities. 
How is it that our media, who blamed everything on Trump, find excuses to let Biden off the hook? 
Whether Biden is responsible for our supply chain problems is irrelevant. 
Why hasn't he been universally blamed for everything wrong in his tenure as his predecessor was?
Biden shut down the Keystone pipeline (hey workers, learn coding instead) and has put federal lands off limit for drilling. 
Naturally, with a dwindling prospective supply of oil prices have shot up. 
Thus Biden has gone hat in hand to beg of the Saudis to increase their oil production! 
The insensate stupidity of this move beggars belief. 
Remember the bad old days of OPEC leading America around on a leash? 
Welcome back, Qatar.
For a shining moment America was energy-independent under Trump. 
Get used to servility now, America.
Our cities have become free-fire zones, with murder up in large numbers all across the nation. 
Why isn't Biden criticized for his and his party's laissez faire attitude toward Third World-type slaughter? 
Perhaps our media should stop being their master Biden's lapdogs.
More people have died of COVID under Biden than under Trump, and it was Trump who pushed through the rapid vaccine development to liberals' delight. 
Doesn't that make Biden a bigger killer than Trump by precisely the same reasoning applied to both?
Although we should be thankful for its failure, Biden's second gigantic spending bill was to be added to our current deficit. 
His reasoning evidently was to load up on debt now and let our children bear the crushing load. 
As Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.V., pointed out, it's irresponsible to pile up even more debt when Medicare and Social Security are on the edge of bankruptcy.
Here's a possible Twilight Zone episode: Only those who voted for Biden would suffer the consequences of their action. 
Only they would pay 50% more for fuel while all others would pay the going price under Trump. 
They alone would be stuck with high inflation and empty shelves at the market. 
Illegal aliens' crimes and their unchecked spread of COVID would fall just on those who voted for Biden. 
Unbiblical, you say? 
Remember the warning in Job: “They that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same.”
