Once upon a time the apothegm “once burned, twice shy” was commonly believed. It's too bad that today's rabid liberals and fake conservatives have forgotten it. Remember the endless lies about Donald Trump: it turns out that there was no Russian collusion, no prostitutes urinating on the Russian hotel bed while Trump watched, no Russian bounties paid to the Taliban to kill American soldiers, no truth that Trump skipped a visit to a Parisian cemetery filled with World War II American soldiers because it was raining, and on and on. Yet no matter how absurd and unfounded the latest charges may be, those whose minds are consumed with rage and hate will happily believe them.
“The Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol” is in full bigot mode. Staffed entirely by anti-Donald Trump members, it has blocked any testimony or cross-questioning that might have balanced the so-called insurrection inquiry. E.g., U.S. Attorney Bill McSwain avers that Bill Barr (a star witness for the Committee's Star Chamber) told him not to investigate voting irregularities in the 2020 election, which Barr flatly denies. Who's lying? Without any opposition to what the select witnesses claim there's less chance of finding the truth.
Imagine that you, esteemed reader, are haled into court on a serious charge and face a judge and jurors who are not only prejudiced against you but have decided that “well, we heard the prosecution, and that's enough. We don't need to hear the defense.” The Red Queen would be pleased: “Sentence first—verdict afterward.” Some argue that a committee hearing isn't a court trial, yet admit (as did the Committee's Elizabeth Cheney) that criminal referrals are possible—all from hearings that are entirely one-sided.
The Committee's latest nonsense is the Cassidy Hutchinson testimony. Hutchinson, a former aide to Trump's chief of staff Mark Meadows, recounts third-hand hearsay that an enraged Trump insisted and was denied that he be driven to the Capitol where the protesters were headed. He allegedly tried to grab the steering wheel of the SUV he was in and “lunged” at the Secret Service agent who was stopping him. Right.
Stop chuckling. This is serious business. We now have three Secret Service agents who are willing to testify that none of those things happened. But those on left and right who hate justice and due process rejoiced at yet another proof of Trump's evil.
Hutchinson also claimed she wrote the note to be given Trump for Capitol protesters to withdraw immediately, but it was apparently White House lawyer Eric Herschmann who wrote it. But since there was zero give and take questioning during the hearing Hutchinson was free to say anything she cared to without contradiction. This is justice, liberal-style.
She also testified of seeing ketchup on the wall from a plate Trump threw. (Probably not far from where Hillary tossed a lamp at Slick Willie.) To the witless, if an accusation against Trump is made it must be true, regardless.
It's fine to detest Trump. It's not fine to play the little despots who deny fair play and justice. Maybe Trump is guilty of all charges; why not hear both sides then?
