So ends the summer of 2022. We old-timers knew it would be over quickly, but even we were a little surprised at its rapid consummation.
Summer in North Dakota is, of course, far shorter than winter although it didn't always seem that way. As children, summer was forever to us: one endless day after another in endless succession. With few responsibilities, we filled those warm days with biking, sleeping in pup tents and especially tree houses, and playing games on our acreage and by the river. That our tree house nights were banquets for mosquitoes — which we tried to escape by hiding in suffocating heat under the blankets and then shivering in the early morning light — never dimmed our outdoor enthusiasm. But of course we had to grow up.
Naturally we had adventures of a sort. As young kids my siblings and I pedaled our single-speed, underinflated balloon-tired bicycles a couple of times from Georgeotown, Minnesota, into Moorhead. On one occasion we rode to Dilworth to visit our father at work, then to downtown Fargo and back to Moorhead to offer up our scarce dimes and quarters at the M&H gas station and burger place, ambrosia to be eaten at Davy Park. The bicycle ride back to Georgetown against the afternoon wind guaranteed a sound sleep that night.
John Greenleaf Whittier rightly lamented: “Ah! That thou couldst know thy joy,/Ere it passes, barefoot boy!” (But I gave up barefootedness after stepping on broken glass a couple of times.)
Summer is a respite from the brutality of winter here, but with adulthood it's become mostly, it seems, a time of chores and things to be done before fall. Two years back I battled a family of four badgers who took up residence under our porch and destroyed our flock of chickens. Our yard is yearly invaded by pocket gophers which I regularly trap, but I about met my match a few months ago. One gopher in particular dug far deeper than others and repeatedly — eight times — stymied my trapping attempts. I even used apple bits as bait. The yard looked like 1916 Verdun. The conflict got personal — I had to stop evolution in its tracks lest the gopher's offspring inherited its uncanny intelligence and took over the yard. Success came when I borrowed my wife's bulb auger and enlarged a hole the Einsteinian gopher couldn't resist, apparently.
It was in late summer of 1984 when my life changed. I had to leave the rut and go back to school, this time 1,200 miles away. With a decades-old car and only enough money for one semester's tuition (and some of my rent money was later stolen) it was a leap of faith. Before the leap I worked the graveyard shift on north 25th St. in Fargo and took my lunches at 3 a.m. I discovered just a few blocks away a storage area with a small cottonwood tree, and there spent a few of my most memorable summer moments. The late August night air was neither warm nor cool, but balmy and calm. The cottonwood rustled slightly every night despite there being no perceptible breeze. There I ate my lunch night after night and mused about the future.
That is summer. As time passes it's increasingly hard to see it end.