I'm not crazy about The Forum's mostly digital format these days. 
I tend to binge read it, days at a time, and it was far faster for me to rifle through the print editions than it is to run the editions through my computer. 
Plus I never had to worry about internet connections. 
But alas, things change—and I don't think change is always for the better—but I suppose there are good economic reasons for my newspapers and magazines to fall to the digital gun one by one.
But the August 27th paper edition was especially good. 
I regularly enjoy Lloyd Omdahl's historical commentaries and his humorous and accurate takes on old age . 
Of course John Wheeler's meteorological briefs are must-reads—where else would I have ever heard of the Eemian period?
And Curtis Eriksmoen's “Did You Know That?” columns on North Dakota history and persons I never skip.
Eriksmoen's column on Bismarck, “' the wickedest town in the U.S .,”' was classic. 
Saloon owner and ne'er do well Dave Mullen's sordid career was laid out—prostitution, gunfights, all the elements of the wild west on display right here in early North Dakota. 
Imagine a time when Mullen and his partner Jack O'Neill entered Clement Lounsberry's office, editor of the Bisrmarck Tribune, to threaten him to not stir up a vigilante force to calm Bismarck down. 
Lounsberry faced them down and they left without gun play.
A comment in the article on the brouhaha over a proposed pork plant in Sioux Falls, S.D., page B11 , irked me a little. 
A pillar of the community derided the hog-butchering plant as bad for Sioux Falls' economy and bad for “high-skilled, high-wage jobs.” 
Well, not everyone is suited for high tech jobs and sitting in front of a computer all the time. 
I speak as someone who worked at the slaughterhouse, er, packing plant in West Fargo way back when. 
It was hard manual work but paid well, at least at the time. 
The first two weeks I worked there I could barely move, I was so stiff and sore from handling many large chunks of meat and bone. 
The negative criticism now from Sioux Falls echoes some West Fargo residents then who thought that the beef plant was a crude and uncouth business and were glad to see it go. 
As if the beef they put on their tables fell from heaven like manna. 
Plus they still call the high school team the Packers.
The obituary in the same edition for Carol Levin was inspiring and moving. 
I don't know her, and likely most of us will never see her name again. 
But hers was a filled life of accomplishments and persistence. 
She's one of those people who were never famous but who made their families, towns, and country go. 
Everyone has a story, but some are just extraordinary and the only time we get to hear them is when they die. 
“Do not be sad,” she's quoted as saying, “I am happy. 
I have loved you all and I have been loved by all. I have had a wonderful life...yes, thank you all.” Au contraire, Mrs. Levin, thank you. 
The Aug. 27th Forum was quite a read.
