Time was when students in high school could carry firearms on subways to school for target practice or in pickups for hunting afterward without alarming anyone. But the world has changed, and for the worse. We now have lunatics on the loose as never before.
The liberal reaction is, of course, to strip the innocent of any means of self-defense. As pundit Jim Treacher puts it, they say “America is a shooting gallery. Nowhere is safe. You could be murdered at any moment...now quick, give us your guns!”
Given America's moral foundering, at least as good an argument may be made that we should be more armed to protect ourselves, not less. Certainly we can't rely on the police who can't be everywhere and, as Uvalde proved, can sometimes be entirely useless.
That's why the Supreme Court's main point in the New York State Rifle and Pistol Association v. Bruen is appropriate. It ruled that New York's prohibition of concealed weapon carry outside the home without special permission is unconstitutional. Why? Because it was a right demoted to government discretion whether a lawful citizen who met other restrictions merited a permit to do so.
Gary Kleck and others have demonstrated that defensive gun use happens more than a 100,000 times yearly, only a few percent of which involve a shot fired. For example, a little old lady I knew in Milwaukee once shooed some thugs off her property merely by brandishing her pistol.
My wife and I knew we weren't in Kansas anymore when we moved to Milwaukee. Living on the cusp of the inner city, we had a neighbor across the street who was mugged one afternoon while unloading her groceries. Next door the handyman's car was broken into. Ditto the house 10 feet from our rental as we watched two burglars skitter across the roof. Our first landlord was mugged after we'd moved out and he'd returned home. Our second landlord was mugged in the afternoon in the unit directly below us—we heard it all and I saw the duo run off. I was the witness at the trial of the first culprit. We learned quickly to not call the police unless there was blood or a body, so when we heard thumping around our rented house we retired to the bedroom. My wife went to sleep while I put a chair at the foot of the bed facing the door and sat for a while with a shotgun on my lap.
The police assigned to our Neighborhood Watch told us that the gunfire we heard occasionally was that of Chicago gangs test-firing their guns several blocks away. We were advised to give an armed robber anything he wanted, but that if he wanted to take us with him we should fight no matter what guns he had, because we would probably die anyway.
That's life in much of America now. That we have to humbly implore our superiors for permission to defend ourselves is an abomination that the Supreme Court rejected. Naturally liberals, from inside their gated communities or from the midst of their phalanxes of bodyguards, are pleased to strip us of any self-defense ability.
