Philippic /noun/: a condemnatory declamation.
Examine the madness of crowds and Americans' lunatic imperialism over the Russo-Ukraine war. 
What are we to make of a public that largely favored an American no-fly zone over Ukraine until it was pointed out that that would entail aerial combat with Russia and World War III? 
Ignorance is bliss, but it's bloody dangerous as well. 
No wonder America sleepwalks into war after war.
Ukraine is neither a member of NATO nor a vital interest to America. 
This conflict is yet another European war, the latest in a long list of wars in what must be history's most disputed continent. 
So why does Congressman Steny Hoyer say that “we're at war” with Russia? 
What is the source of the insanity of American leaders bellowing for Vladimir Putin's assassination and shrieking to bring Russia to its knees? 
It can only be the mindless rage of fools for some obscure reason. 
There's no fathoming it.
The Democrats in Congress who did vote, voted unanimously for a $40 billion military package to Ukraine atop billions already given. 
Where did all the antiwar “give peace a chance” bleeding heart Democrats go? 
Why do only former President Donald Trump and Noam Chomsky favor diplomacy? 
Rep. Bernie Sanders, Mr. “If nations have conflicts there have got to be other ways to solve those conflicts...other than killing each other,” voted for more Ukrainians and Russians to die and bring America a step closer to Armageddon.
The vile hypocrisy of so many Americans is insufferable. 
Radio talk show host Mark Levin remarked that he rails against neutralists on left and right because of his disgust at hearing of women and children dying in Ukraine. 
So tell us, Mark, where were you when America, under the aegis of pure lies, violently killed an estimated 200,000 Iraqi civilians in the Iraq war? 
Or how about the additional 500,000 Iraqi civilians—mostly women and children—we killed in the 1990s, you know, the ones whose deaths then-Secretary of State Albright thought “were worth it”? 
Did you shed a tear over the 290 Iranian civilians on Flight 655 our mighty navy massacred in 1988? 
Or the Baghuz pureeing of fleeing women and children in Syria with 500 and 2,000 lb bombs that the Pentagon lied about in a cover-up? 
You wipe your feet on the Constitution and show your viperous inhumanity concerning foreign policy.
Indeed, where were the spineless European nations now so eager to arm Ukraine when America was laying waste to country after country? 
And to their eternal disgrace North Dakota's legislators Hoeven, Cramer, and Armstrong—less than a year after our defeat in Afghanistan after 20 years of fighting—have joined the mob that hates Russia to the point of ensuring that as many Ukrainians as possible die to weaken Russia. 
Our proxy war with Russia guarantees that the world will suffer higher food and fuel costs. 
Our trio's reasoning is bunk with no historical or moral foundation.
Incidentally, we have soldiers in Somalia—again. 
Kipling foresaw our day: “That the Dog returns to his Vomit, and the Sow returns to her Mire/And the burnt Fool's bandaged finger goes wabbling back to the Fire.” 
This is Hell: to forever repeat the same idiocies.
