"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.” Philip K. Dick
“Diversity” is one of those magic words our increasingly witless age uses to stifle thought or as a wondrous talisman not to be questioned. It ranks with other magic words such as hurtful, mean, fascist, -phobic (of all types), words meant to stop thinking in its tracks and crush dissidents.
It also strongly engenders racialism and often outright racism, as well as division and friction. The empirical evidence behind this statement is overwhelming. For instance, Mexico in the 1820s encouraged Americans to settle in its lightly populated Texas territory as a buffer against Indian attacks and as a source of income. But the result was the American settlers revolting against Mexico. Why this happened is clear: a numerous people with a different language, culture, history and religion naturally wouldn't assimilate. It's a story as old as time. That's also why North Dakota has so many German-Russians after Russia got worried about all the Germans it had invited.
In Leicester, England, there are currently riots and violence between its large Indian Hindu and Muslim populations. They took their cultures and biases with them to merry Olde England. Despite the majority of the immigrants having lived in England for decades there has been little “westernizing” of the two warring groups, groups that have been at each others' throats even before the British colonization of India. Reality rears its inextinguishable head again.
Diversity can lead to outright bigotry. The Minneapolis school system has inked a contract with the Minneapolis Federation of Teachers to lay off white teachers before Black teachers with less seniority. In other words, not only is the teachers' union worthless in protecting its members, it also agrees that punishment for the racist sins of the fathers six generations removed should be visited on their descendants' heads today. It's unappetizing to see alleged educators slobber on the altar of diversity.
Not that we've been spared right here in River City. Some years back the director of Bonanzaville, the West Fargo collection of buildings and artifacts from this area's pioneers and settlers, decided to abolish its yearly Christmas celebrations (temporarily, in the event). The director reasoned that Christmas, despite its near-universal acceptance by settlers, wasn't inclusive of everyone and therefore its offending stain had to be removed. If a Druid, Zoroastrian, atheist, Muslim, pantheist, or cat juggler ever passed through the Red River Valley, why, they might be offended by recognition of the holiday.
Which leads to another problem with diversity. We will be expected, even forced, to change our culture and beliefs to not offend someone else, rather than the newcomer trimming his sails to the new home he chose. The notion is absurd but has traction in a time of inanity. Our backbones have been severed and we're unable to defend our own customs and histories.
These are the fruits of diversity. Historian Victor Davis Hanson makes the utterly unexceptionable remark that it's easier to unite a people who speak the same language, look about the same, and share roughly the same values than otherwise. Witness the late Yugoslavia's collapse into bickering subgroups. Says Hanson: “Diversity, remember, not homogeneity, is the kindling of tribal violence.”
